LEASE

May __, 2023 (“Effective Date”) by and between 251
THIS LEASE (“Lease”) is made effective ____
MONROE OWNER LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Landlord”) and DURHAM
SCHOOL SERVICES L.P. a Delaware Limited Partnership (“Tenant”).
RECITALS
A.
Landlord is the fee owner of that certain real property located at 251 Monroe Ave,
Kenilworth, New Jersey, consisting of approximately 2.42 acres of land, including a building consisting of
approximately 18,515 square feet of space (the “Building”), as more particularly shown as the yellow
shaded area described and depicted in Exhibit A, which is expressly incorporated herein by reference (“Real
Property”).
B.
Landlord has agreed to lease to Tenant approximately 2.42 acres of land, including the
Building for Tenant’s exclusive use pursuant to this Lease (the “Leased Premises”). Landlord leases to
Tenant, and Tenant rents from Landlord, the Leased Premises together with all non-exclusive access,
utilities, and, if any, certain common area related to the Real Property.
C.
While Landlord performs Landlord’s Work, as defined herein, Landlord has agreed to lease
to Tenant that certain area shown in blue and labeled as “Temporary Area” on the plan attached as Exhibit
A as well as the maintenance area of the Building (together, the “Temporary Area”).
In consideration of the mutual promises contained herein and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant agree
as follows:
1. INCORPORATION OF RECITALS
Landlord and Tenant agree that the Recitals shall be expressly incorporated into the Lease.
2.

LEASED PREMISES AND TERM

a.
This Lease shall be in full force and effect from the Effective Date. The term of this Lease
shall be for a period of one hundred twenty (120) months (the “Term”), beginning on July 1, 2023
(hereinafter the “Commencement Date”), and expiring on June 30, 2033, unless sooner terminated or
extended as provided herein (the “Lease Term”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Landlord has not
tendered possession of the Leased Premises to Tenant by May 1, 2024, Tenant shall have the right to
terminate this Lease, exercisable by written notice to Landlord.
b.
Notwithstanding the forgoing, Tenant shall have rent-free early access to the Leased
Premises beginning June 1, 2023 solely for the purposes of installing fixtures and other equipment,
including communications infrastructure and telecommunications equipment, cabling and wiring, security
and material handling equipment installation, furniture, and other such fixtures, furniture and equipment
and to move and set up trailers onto the Temporary Area (“Rent Free Access”); provided that, (i) this Lease
has been fully executed and delivered, (ii) Tenant has submitted all necessary certificates of insurance
required under Section 11 below, and (iii) Tenant has pre-paid all sums due upon Lease execution
hereunder. During Tenant’s Rent Free Access period (a) Tenant shall comply with all terms and conditions
of this Lease, (b) Tenant shall cause its personnel and contractors to comply with the terms and conditions
of Landlord’s rules and regulations, (c) all work performed by Tenant in connection with the Rent Free
Access shall be completed at Tenant’s sole cost and expense, in a first class, good and workmanlike manner,

{00391872}

and in compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances, rules and regulations. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Tenant acknowledges that Tenant shall be responsible for obtaining all applicable permits and
inspections relating to any such entry by Tenant. For the avoidance of doubt, Tenant shall not be required
to pay Fixed Rent or Property Expenses (as defined herein) during the Rent Free Access period.
c.
Commencing on July 1, 2023, until the Substantial Completion Date, Landlord shall
provide the Temporary Area to Tenant for the Permitted Use and for Tenant to place temporary trailers
within the Temporary Area for its Permitted Use and, during such period, all of the terms and provisions of
the Lease shall apply except that “Leased Premises” shall be deemed to mean the Temporary Area. For the
avoidance of doubt, Tenant shall have rent free access to the Temporary Area from the execution date of
this Lease to July 1, 2023.
3.

EXISTING CONDITION

A)
Landlord shall deliver and Tenant accepts the Leased Premises and Real Property in the
“AS IS” “WHERE-IS” condition as of the Commencement Date, except for Landlord’s Work (as expressly
set forth in subsection (b) below), subject to all recorded matters, laws, ordinances, and governmental
regulations and orders. Tenant represents and warrants that Tenant has made its own inspection,
investigation of and inquiry regarding the condition of the Leased Premises and Real Property and its
suitability for Tenant’s intended purposes, or for any other purpose, and is not relying on any representations
of Landlord or any person acting on Landlord’s behalf with respect thereto. If Tenant takes possession of
the Leased Premises prior to the Commencement Date, Tenant shall perform all terms of this Lease from
the date it takes possession. Landlord represents and warrants that on the Commencement Date the
structural elements of the Building and the systems serving the Building, including without limitation
electrical, mechanical, life safety, and plumbing systems, shall all be in good working order, condition and
repair. The foregoing warranties shall not operate to limit Landlord’s repair and maintenance obligations
set forth in this Lease.
B)
Landlord shall provide the Leased Premises with the work set forth on Exhibit B
(“Landlord’s Work”) Substantially Complete (as defined herein), all of which shall be done in a good and
workmanlike manner, in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances and bylaws. Landlord shall perform the Landlord’s Work at its sole cost and expense. Landlord reserves the right,
upon receiving Tenant’s prior written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed, to make changes and substitutions to the Landlord’s Work, provided same do not adversely
modify the same (e.g., like kind substitutions of same or better quality, etc.). Tenant agrees to not
unreasonably withhold or delay its consent to any changes to the Landlord’s Work to the extent required to
(i) comply with applicable laws, (ii) to obtain or to comply with any required permit for Landlord’s Work,
(iii) to make reasonable adjustments for field deviations or conditions encountered during the construction
of Landlord’s Work, or (iv) to account for long-lead time items, availability, shortages, labor issues, and
the like. Landlord’s Work shall be deemed “Substantially Complete” on the date (the “Substantial
Completion Date”) that Landlord shall provide written notice to Tenant that Landlord’s Work is
substantially complete in accordance with the requirements of this Lease, as evidenced by Landlord’s
delivery of a certificate of occupancy for the Permitted Use of the demised premises, .
C)
Prior to July 1, 2023, Tenant may perform a Phase 1 environmental site assessment, which
shall serve as the initial baseline for the environmental condition of the Leased Premises and anything
revealed in the report shall be the responsibility of Landlord. Tenant shall further have the right to cause, at
its sole cost, a property condition inspection and assessment of the Leased Premises after the Substantial
Completion Date to serve as a baseline of the property condition for purposes of Section 22 herein.
4.

RENT

{00391872}

2

A) Tenant shall pay Fixed Rent (“Fixed Rent”) to Landlord, in advance on the first day of each
month, without further notice or demand, installments determined by the following table:
Applicable Portion of Initial
Lease Term
Commencement Date-Substantial
Completion Date
Substantial Completion Date-June
30, 2024

Monthly Fixed Rent

Yearly Fixed Rent

$61,875

$742,500

$82,500

$990,000

Fixed Rent shall be subject to an annual upward adjustment of four percent (4%). The first such adjustment
shall become effective commencing on the first (1st) annual anniversary of the Commencement Date, and
subsequent adjustments shall become effective on every successive annual anniversary for so long as this
Lease continues in effect.
B)
Tenant shall pay an amount equal to the first month’s Fixed Rent upon the Effective Date
of this Lease, to be credited toward the first payment of Fixed Rent. If any installment of Rent or any other
sums due from Tenant shall not be received by Landlord within five (5) business days following when the
same becomes due, the outstanding amount shall bear interest from the date when the same was payable
until the date paid at the lesser of (a) eight percent (8%) per annum, compounded monthly, or (b) the highest
rate of interest permitted by applicable law (the “Default Interest Rate”). If the Commencement Date is
other than the first (1st) day of a calendar month, Tenant shall pay the prorated amount of the monthly
installment of the Fixed Rent at the rate payable after the Commencement Date for such partial calendar
month on the Commencement Date.
C)
Fixed Rent shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord at 28-18 Steinway Street, Astoria, NY
11103, or to such other place as Landlord may notify Tenant in writing. Tenant shall have the right to make
all payments of Rent and any other payments required under the Lease via ACH/EFT (Automated Clearing
House/Electronic Funds Transfer). Landlord agrees to cooperate with Tenant to complete all necessary
forms in order to accomplish such method of payment, within thirty (30) days of Tenant’s written request
therefor. Tenant shall have the right from time to time during the Lease Term and any extensions thereof
to change its method of rental payment.
5.

SECURITY DEPOSIT
Intentionally omitted.

6.

RENEWAL OPTION

Provided there is no default hereunder either as of the date Tenant notifies Landlord of its election
to extend the Term or as of the first day of the extension period, Tenant may extend the original term for
sixty (60) months with the Fixed Rent increasing by the then existing fair market rent, as determined as set
forth herein, not less than 104% of the previous year’s rent (the “Renewal Option”). All of the provisions
of this Lease (other than the amount of Fixed Rent payable hereunder) shall apply during any such extension
period. Tenant shall notify Landlord of its election to extend the Term by giving Landlord notice thereof
not less than nine (9) months prior to the expiration of the Term then in effect and Tenant shall request
Landlord’s estimate of the fair market rent for the Renewal Option. Landlord shall, within fifteen (15) days
after receipt of such request, give Tenant a written proposal of such fair market rent. If Tenant does not
accept the fair market rent, then the parties shall endeavor to agree upon the fair market rent, taking into
account all relevant factors, including the size of the Leased Premises, the length of the Renewal Option,

{00391872}

3

rent in comparable buildings in the relevant submarket, and the quality and location of the Building and
land. If Landlord and Tenant cannot mutually agree upon a fair market rent within thirty (30) days of
Landlord’s proposal of such fair market rent, Tenant shall be permitted to retract its election to extend the
Term and the Lease shall terminate as provided in Section 2.
7.

REAL PROPERTY EXPENSES

A)
Tenant acknowledges this is a “triple net” Lease, and that the Fixed Rent under Section 4
herein intends to provide Landlord an absolute “net” return for the Term, free of any expenses or charges
for the Leased Premises. In addition to the Fixed Rent under Section 4, Tenant shall be responsible for all
expenses or charges that relate to or arise from the Leased Premises and Real Property, which shall include,
but are not limited to water/sewer charges (if any) and electricity directly metered or exclusively serving
the Leased Premises, snow and ice removal, maintenance, repair and replacement of systems or equipment
(if applicable) of any nature whatsoever, routine maintenance of the Real Property (including paving,
striping, and landscaping), security or alarm costs, property management fees, and all utilities exclusively
serving the Leased Premises, permits, and use and occupancy taxes (each, a “Property Expense” and,
collectively, the “Property Expenses”). Fixed Rent and Property Expenses may be referred to in this Lease
as “Rent.”
B)
Landlord will provide Tenant a reasonably detailed statement showing the amount of
Property Expenses incurred during said time period and Tenant shall pay to Landlord the amount in such
statement within thirty (30) days after delivery by Landlord to Tenant. For avoidance of doubt, such a
detailed statement shall not include costs and expenses for any maintenance and repair items being handled
and paid for separately by Tenant. This provision shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the
Lease. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, subject to 7(A), Landlord and Tenant acknowledge
and agree that, except for utility expenses metered under Electric Meter 309020617, all Property Expenses
are included in the Fixed Rent, such that Tenant’s only Property Expenses shall be such utility expenses.
8.

PERMITTED USE

Tenant shall have the right at all times during the Term to use the Leased Premises for the sole
purpose of parking, dispatching, storage, maintenance, and repair of buses and vehicles utilized in the
operation of Tenant’s transportation company business and office and administrative use incidental to
Tenant’s business and no other purpose (the “Permitted Use”). Tenant shall comply with all laws, codes,
rules, regulations and other governmental requirements in its use and operation of the Leased Premises and
shall be solely responsible for obtaining any and all permits required for Tenant’s use of the Leased Premises
in accordance with the Permitted Use. Tenant may not change the Permitted Use without Landlord’s prior
written consent in its sole discretion.
9.

MAINTENANCE & REPAIRS

a.
Landlord shall maintain and repair the structural portions of improvements on the Real
Property in good working order and in compliance with all applicable laws, which shall include replacement
of structural portions if necessary, unless the same is caused or contributed to by Tenant, for which Tenant
shall be responsible for the extent of such damages caused or contributed to by Tenant. All related costs
and expenses shall be deemed Property Expenses in the year in which same were incurred.
b.

Intentionally omitted.

c.
Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, shall be responsible for the routine maintenance of the
Leased Premises, and all costs for maintenance, repair and/or replacement related to the Building systems

{00391872}

4

that exclusively serve the Leased Premises. Tenant shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain
the Building systems that exclusively serve the Leased Premises throughout the Lease Term.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Tenant shall be responsible for a capital replacement or improvement
where the useful life runs beyond the Lease Term, as reasonably determined by Tenant in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles and practices in effect, Landlord shall be responsible for the
reimbursement to Tenant for such capital replacement or improvement.
10.

INDEMNITY

To the fullest extent under applicable law, Tenant shall defend, indemnify and save harmless the
Landlord, its officers, members, Mortgagees, employees, and agents (“Indemnified Parties”) against and
from all liabilities, damages, claims, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, which may be
imposed upon or incurred by or asserted against Landlord by reason of any accident, injury or damage to
any person or property occurring in, on or about the Leased Premises caused by Tenant or its agents,
contractors, employees, or for any breach by Tenant of the terms of this Lease. Notwithstanding the above,
Tenant shall not be responsible for indemnifying or holding harmless the Indemnified Parties for or against
any liabilities, damages, claims, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, to the extent directly
caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Landlord or its respective agents, contractors
or employees.
11.

INSURANCE

a.
At all times during the Term, and at Tenant’s own cost, Tenant shall maintain a
comprehensive general liability and property damage insurance with limits of at least $5,000,000.00,
naming Landlord as an additional insured, and Landlord’s lender if required and provided that Landlord
has provided written notice of such requirement. Tenant shall cause any such insurance to provide for a
waiver of any right of recovery by way of subrogation against Landlord for any damages or losses covered
by such policy. Tenant shall provide Landlord with a certificate of insurance evidencing Tenant’s compliance
with this Section.
b.
Insurance covering all of Tenant’s work, Tenant’s leasehold improvements, alterations or
additions permitted under Section 11 hereof, Tenant’s trade fixtures, merchandise and personal property
from time to time in, on or upon the Leased Premises, in an amount not less than ninety percent (90%) of
their full replacement cost, without depreciation, from time to time during the Lease Term, providing
protection against any peril included within the classification “Fire and Extended Coverage”, together with
insurance against sprinkler damage, vandalism and malicious mischief and such other additional perils as
covered in a Special Form policy (formerly known as “all risks”) standard insurance policy. Any policy
proceeds shall be used for the repair or replacement of the property damaged or destroyed unless this Lease
shall cease and terminate under the provisions of Section 17, Destruction & Damage hereof, whereupon
any proceeds of insurance covering Tenant’s permanent leasehold improvements and any alterations or
additions permitted under this Section hereof shall be payable to Landlord, but excluding all furniture,
fixtures and equipment.
c.
Tenant shall also obtain and maintain (i) Business income (formerly called “business
interruption”) and extra expense insurance in amounts sufficient to cover Fixed Rent and additional rent
due under the Lease for twelve (12) months, (ii) any plate glass on the Leased Premises, but shall have the
option either to insure the risk or to self-insure the same which shall obligate Tenant to be personally liable
for any claim, loss or damage related thereto, (iii) worker’s compensation with a minimum not less than
prescribed by state law, (iv) a policy of comprehensive automobile liability insurance, including loading
and unloading, and covering owned and hired vehicles with limits of no less than $1,000,000.00 per
occurrence, (v) pollution legal liability with limits of not less than $10,000,000 per occurrence and

{00391872}

5

$10,000,000 in the aggregate, and (vi) insurance on all heating and cooling equipment, boilers and other
pressure vessels and systems, whether fired or unfired, installed by Tenant and located in or exclusively
serving the Leased Premises; and, if said objects, and damage that may be caused by them or result from
them, are not covered by Tenant’s extended coverage insurance.
d.
Landlord shall obtain and keep in force throughout the Term, Casualty Insurance on the
Leased Premises and Building under an “all risk” policy including boiler and machinery, for the full
replacement cost thereof. Any coinsurance or deductible will be the responsibility of the
Landlord. Landlord shall maintain Commercial General Liability Insurance with combined single limit
coverage of not less than $5,000,000.00 as well as Workers Compensation and Employer’s Liability in
limits mandated by the state. Tenant shall be named as an additional insured on Landlord’s General
Liability Insurance Policy. Landlord’s policies will be primary and non-contributory to any insurance
available to Tenant. Within thirty (30) days after the Commencement Date, Landlord shall provide a
certificate of the insurance evidencing that such insurance is in place. Tenant shall not at any time during
the Term carry any stock of goods or do anything in or about the Leased Premises which is likely to increase
the insurance rates upon the Leased Premises. Tenant shall pay to Landlord forthwith upon written demand,
the amount of any increase in premiums for insurance against loss by fire or any other peril normally
covered by fire and extended coverage insurance that may be charged during the Term on the amount of
insurance to be carried by Landlord on Leased Premises resulting solely from the foregoing or from Tenant
doing any act in or about the Leased Premises above that caused by the Permitted Use which does so
increase the insurance rates, whether or not Landlord shall have consented to such act on the part of the
Tenant. If Tenant installs upon the Leased Premises any electrical equipment which constitutes an overload
on the electrical lines of the Leased Premises, Tenant shall, at its own expense, make whatever changes or
provide whatever equipment safeguards are necessary to comply with the requirements of the insurance
underwriters and any governmental authorities having jurisdiction thereover, but nothing herein contained
shall be deemed to constitute Landlord’s consent to such overloading.
e.
Tenant shall cause any of its contractors conducting activities in or about or occupying the
Premises to obtain and maintain the following insurance coverage, and, upon request of Landlord, shall
promptly, within then (10) days, deliver to Landlord evidence of the following insurance coverage naming
Landlord and such other parties reasonably designated by Landlord, as additional insureds: such
commercial general liability insurance, from an insurer reasonably acceptable to Landlord, in such amount
as is customary and generally found in the industry of the related endeavor, but in no case less than Two
Million and 00/100 dollars ($2,000,000.00) combined single limit for personal injury and property damage
per occurrence. Such insurance policies shall provide that no act or omission of Tenant shall affect or limit
the obligations of the insurer with respect to any other insured, and provide that the policy and the coverage
provided shall be primary, that Landlord, although an additional insured, shall nevertheless be entitled to
recovery under such policy for any damage to Landlord, that any coverage carried by Landlord shall be
noncontributory with respect to policies carried by Tenant.
f.
All policies of insurance required to be carried by Tenant shall be issued by insurance
companies with a general policy holder’s rating of not less than A and a financial rating of not less than
Class IX as rated in the most current available Best’s Insurance Reports and qualified to do business in the
State of New Jersey. Landlord and Landlord’s Indemnified Parties shall be included as additional insureds
on Tenant’s general liability policy under this Section, and as loss payees on Tenant’s property policy as
applicable, and, if requested by Landlord, Landlord’s mortgagees or beneficiaries. Executed copies of such
policies of insurance (or certificates thereof if accompanied by proof of payment) shall be delivered to
Landlord prior to delivery of possession of the Leased Premises to Tenant and thereafter at least thirty (30)
days prior to the expiration of the term of each such policy. All public liability and property damage policies
shall contain a provision that Landlord, and the Indemnified Parties, although additional insureds shall
nevertheless be entitled to recovery under said policies for any loss occasioned to them, their servants,

{00391872}

6

agents and employees by reason of any act or omission of Tenant or its servants, agents, employees or
contractors. As often as any such policy shall expire or terminate, renewal or additional policies shall be
procured and maintained by Tenant in like manner and to like extent. If available, all policies of insurance
delivered to Landlord must contain a provision that the company writing said policy will give to Landlord
at least ten (10) days’ notice in writing in advance of any cancellation or lapse or the effective date of any
reduction in the amount of insurance. All public liability, property damage and other casualty policies shall
be written as primary policies, not contributing with and not in excess of coverage which Landlord may
carry.
12.

ALTERATIONS

Tenant shall be prohibited from making any structural alterations or improvements to the Leased
Premises which are permanent in nature (i.e., which are not easily removable and/or non-de minimis ground
penetration) (the “Alterations”), without Landlord’s prior written consent, which consent shall be in the
sole and absolute discretion of Landlord; provided, however, Tenant shall be allowed to make Cosmetic
Alterations without Landlord’s consent, but upon not less than thirty (30) days prior notice. For the purposes
of this provision, “Cosmetic Alterations” shall mean interior, non-structural additions, improvements and
alterations to the Premises so long as the same do not (i) require a permit (building permit or otherwise),
(ii) permanently affect, alter, interfere with or disrupt any of the electrical, mechanical, plumbing or other
system of the Building or Real Property, (iii) affect the outside appearance of the Building or Real Property,
(iv) affect the roof of the Building or any structure on the Leased Premises, or (v) affect any structural
element of the Building or the Real Property. All Alterations on, in or about the Leased Premises that are
deemed to be fixtures and that cannot be removed without damage to the Leased Premises will, at the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, become the property of Landlord and will be
surrendered with the Leased Premises at the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, unless Landlord
requires Tenant to remove such Alterations.
13.

ASSIGNMENT

Tenant shall not assign or sublet this Lease without Landlord’s prior written consent in its
reasonable discretion and any attempted transfer or assignment absent Landlord’s consent, shall be void
and confer no rights upon any third party. Notwithstanding the above, provided there is no default of this
Lease beyond the expiration of any cure period at the time of Tenant’s Permitted Transfer (defined below),
Tenant shall have the right to assign the Lease without the prior consent of Landlord (but upon no less than
30 days prior notice to Landlord) to: (i) an affiliate of Tenant; (ii) to an entity in which Tenant or one of its
affiliates has an ownership interest; or (iii) an entity that succeeds to the Tenant as a result of any person or
entity purchasing or acquiring all or substantially all of Tenant’s assets, stock, partnership, or membership
interests (collectively, “Permitted Transfer”). Tenant shall promptly provide notice to Landlord of the
Permitted Transfer after its effective date. Tenant shall not be released from the covenants and liabilities
under the Lease that accrue after the effective date of the Permitted Transfer.
14.

Intentionally omitted.

15.

BROKERS

Landlord and Tenant represent and warrant that, except for Cushman and Wakefield and Jones
Lang LaSalle , (collectively, the “Broker”), no other real estate broker or brokers were involved in the
negotiation and execution of this Lease. Landlord agrees to pay any commission owing to Broker upon the
execution of this Lease in accordance with the terms of a separate written agreement between Landlord and
Broker. Landlord and Tenant each agree that it shall indemnify the other and hold it harmless from any and
all liability for the breach of any such representation and warranty on its part and shall pay any

{00391872}

7

compensation to any other broker or person who may be deemed or held to be entitled thereto due to the
actions of the indemnifying party.
16.

ENVIRONMENTAL

A)
Tenant shall not cause or permit any Hazardous Substance to be spilled, leaked, disposed
of, or otherwise released on or under the Real Property. Tenant may use or otherwise handle on the Leased
Premises only those Hazardous Substances in a small amount and as typically used in the prudent and safe
operation of Tenant’s Permitted Use. Tenant shall comply with all Environmental Laws and exercise the
highest degree of care in the use, handling, and storage of Hazardous Substances and shall take all
practicable measures to minimize the quantity and toxicity of Hazardous Substances used, handled, or
stored on the Leased Premises. The term “Environmental Law” shall mean any federal, state, or local
statute, regulation, or ordinance or any judicial or other governmental order pertaining to the protection of
health, safety, or the environment. The term “Hazardous Substance” shall mean any hazardous, toxic,
infectious, or radioactive substance, waste, and material as defined or listed by any Environmental Law and
shall include, without limitation, petroleum, petroleum by-products (including, but not limited to, crude oil,
diesel oil, fuel oil, gasoline, oil refuse, and all other liquid hydrocarbons, regardless of specific gravity),
and natural or synthetic gas products.
B)
Tenant shall defend, indemnify and hold Landlord (and Landlord’s officers and affiliates)
harmless for, from and against all damages (including attorneys’ fees incurred), losses, liabilities and claims
asserted against or suffered by Landlord which arise from the use, storage, generation, transportation,
release or disposal of Hazardous Substances occurring in or about the Leased Premises during the Term or
from Hazardous Substances which are introduced to the Real Property by Tenant or any person acting on
behalf of or under the direction of Tenant. Tenant’s warranties, indemnities, and agreements in this Section
shall survive the expiration or sooner termination of this Lease.
C)
Landlord shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Tenant and Tenant’s shareholders,
officers, directors, agents, employees, affiliates and successors and assigns from and against any and all
loss, including but not limited to any loss arising from business interruption, claim, demand, action, cause
of action, judgment or decree or any other expense or obligation, including but not limited to any
remediation obligation, incurred by any of such parties resulting from or arising out of (i) any Hazardous
Substances located upon, migrating into, from or through or otherwise relating to the Leased Premises,
unless resulting from Tenant’s use of such Hazardous Substances or the Premises during the Term; or (ii)
the presence of any underground storage tanks at the Leased Premises, whether known or unknown that
existed prior to the Commencement Date.. For the avoidance of doubt, Tenant shall not be responsible for
any Hazardous Substance introduced by any other tenant or Landlord at the Leased Premises.
17.

DESTRUCTION AND DAMAGE

A)
Subject to the provision immediately below, in the event of any destruction or damage to
the Leased Premises or Real Property (collectively “Damage”), and if such Damage can be fully repaired
at a cost not exceeding insurance proceeds: (i) Landlord shall promptly repair, restore or reconstruct the
damaged portions of the Leased Premises as soon as commercially reasonable and using diligent efforts;
(ii) Landlord shall be entitled to receive any and all insurance proceeds paid on account of the Damage; (iii)
Rent and any other financial obligations of Tenant under this Lease shall be abated from the time of such
Damage to completion of the repairs, restoration and reconstruction thereof; and (iv) except as modified by
the effect of item (iii) above, this Lease shall remain in full force and effect. Tenant shall notify Landlord
as soon as practicable in the event of Damage to the Leased Premises or Real Property.

{00391872}

8

B)
In the event that (i) the Damage cannot be reconstructed or repaired within 120 days after
the date of Damage, or (ii) the Damage cannot be fully repaired at a cost not exceeding the net insurance
proceeds of the insurance required under this Lease, or (iii) if repair or reconstruction of the Leased
Premises or Real Property is not, in Landlord’s reasonable discretion, economically feasible or advisable,
Landlord or Tenant may elect either to terminate this Lease by delivering written notice of such termination
to the other party within thirty (30) days after the date of the Damage.
18.

CONDEMNATION

If, by exercise of the right of eminent domain or by conveyance made in response to the threat of
the exercise of such right (in either case a “Taking”), and so much of the Leased Premises is taken that the
Permitted Use by Tenant is not possible, this Lease will end on the earlier of the vesting of title to the
Leased Premises in the condemning authority, or the taking of possession of the Leased Premises by the
condemning authority (in either case, an “Ending Date”). Landlord shall receive any condemnation award,
and, provided that it does not diminish Landlord’s award, Tenant shall be entitled to the unamortized value
of any fixtures and leasehold improvements not capable of removal.
19.

EXEMPTION OF LANDLORD FROM LIABILITY

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Landlord shall not be liable for any damage or
injury to the person, business (or any loss of income therefrom), goods, wares, vehicle, merchandise or
other property of Tenant, Tenant’s employees, invitees, customers or any other person in or about the
Leased Premises, whether such damage or injury is caused by or results from: (a) fire, electricity, water,
gas or rain; (b) the breakage, leakage, obstruction or other defects of pipes, sprinklers, wires, or lighting
fixtures or any other cause; (c) conditions arising in or about the Leased Premises or upon other portions of
the Real Property, or from other sources or places; or (d) any act or omission of any other tenant or third
party on the Real Property unless such damage or injury is a result of Landlord’s gross negligence or willful
misconduct.
20.

SUBORDINATION & FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

a.
This Lease is subject and subordinate to all existing institutional mortgage, deed of trust
and/or other security agreement (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Mortgage”) which now or will
affect the Leased Premises or any portion thereof, and to all renewals, modifications, consolidations,
replacements and extensions thereof. Such subordination shall be self-operative and require no further
documentation. However, should Landlord or the holder of any Mortgage seek a subordination agreement,
Tenant shall cooperate with Landlord, provided, that Tenant shall not be required to financially obligate
itself to the lender. Tenant, if so requested by Landlord, will subject and subordinate its interest to any
such Mortgage. Tenant shall, from time to time, within ten (10) business days after receipt of a request
from Landlord, deliver to Landlord a written statement concerning whether or not: (1) the Lease has been
modified, (2) the Lease is in full force and effect, (3) Rent has been paid to date, and (4) Tenant is aware
of any defaults by Landlord under the terms of this Lease, which written statement shall be in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit C or on such other standard lender form required by Landlord.
b.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section or under New Jersey law,
Tenant hereby attorns and agrees to attorn to any person, firm or corporation purchasing or otherwise
acquiring the Leased Premises or the real property thereunder or any portion thereof at any sale or other
proceeding or pursuant to the exercise of any rights, powers or remedies under such mortgages or deeds
of trust or ground or underlying leases as if such person, firm or corporation had been named as Landlord
herein, provided that the new owner agrees to recognize the terms of the Lease and agrees not to disturb
the Tenant’s possession of the Leased Premises except in accordance with this Lease. Within five (5)

{00391872}

9

business days of the Commencement Date, or as Landlord may reasonably require throughout the Term
upon written request, Tenant shall execute a subordination, non-disturbance, and attornment agreement
(“SNDA”) in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto, or such commercially reasonable form required by
Landlord.
c.
If at any time during the Term Tenant’s financial statements cannot be readily obtained
through public filings, then Tenant agrees that within ten (10) business days after Landlord’s written
request, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord the most recent copies of such audited financial statements as are
reasonably required to verify the net worth of Tenant. If no such audited statements have been prepared,
such other true and accurate financial statements as may have been prepared by an independent certified
public accountant or, Tenant’s internally prepared financial statements, prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, as are reasonably required to verify the Tenant’s then current
financial situation. If Tenant is a publicly traded corporation, Tenant may satisfy its obligations hereunder
by providing to Landlord Tenant’s most recent annual and quarterly reports. Any such statement may be
given by Landlord to and relied upon by any Landlord’s mortgagee or prospective purchaser or
encumbrancer of the Property, but non-public disclosures shall otherwise be kept confidential by Landlord.
Tenant represents to Landlord that such financial statements will be true and accurate in all material
respects as of the date of such statement. Landlord represents that all such financial statements shall be
kept confidential and that any third party to which Landlord provides such information will likewise agree
to keep such information confidential. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Landlord shall
only be entitled to make such request for financial statements not more than once per year during the Term,
provided however, nothing herein shall limit any request from Landlord’s lender.
21.

QUIET ENJOYMENT

Provided that there is no default under this Lease beyond any applicable cure period, Landlord
warrants that Tenant shall at all times during the Lease Term have peaceable and quiet enjoyment and
possession of the Leased Premises without hindrance from Landlord or any person whomsoever, subject,
nevertheless to any mortgages, agreements, easements, conditions, restrictions, covenants and
encumbrances of record to which this Lease is or may become subordinate.
22.

SURRENDER OF LEASED PREMISES & HOLD OVER

A)
On the date on which this Lease expires or terminates, Tenant shall return possession of
the Leased Premises to Landlord in the same condition as of the Substantial Completion Date, with ordinary
wear and tear expected. Prior to the expiration or termination of this Lease, Tenant shall remove from the
Leased Premises all property of Tenant or its permitted assignees or subtenants, including without
limitation, all of Tenant’s personal property, furniture, equipment, decorations, furnishings, non-permanent
fixtures, and any other items the Landlord reasonably determines in review of any improvements made by
Tenant to the Leased Premises. Tenant shall repair any damage resulting from such removal and shall
restore the Leased Premises to the same order and condition as of the Substantial Completion Date. Any
property not removed as required shall be deemed abandoned, and Landlord, at Tenant’s expense, may
remove, store, sell or otherwise dispose of such property in such manner as Landlord may see fit and/or
Landlord may retain such property or sale proceeds as its property. If Tenant does not return possession of
the Leased Premises to Landlord in the condition required under this Lease, Tenant shall pay Landlord all
resulting damages Landlord may suffer. Tenant’s obligations under this Section shall survive the expiration
or sooner termination of the term of this Lease.
B)
Any hold over after the expiration of the Lease Term, without the express written consent
of Landlord, shall constitute a Default and, without limiting Landlord’s remedies provided in this Lease,
such hold over shall be construed to be a tenancy at sufferance, at a rental rate equal to one hundred fifty

{00391872}

10

percent (150%) of the Rent last due in this Lease and shall otherwise be on the terms and conditions herein
specified.
23.

DEFAULT

a.
Events of Default. The occurrence of any one of the following events shall constitute an
event of default on the part of Tenant (“Default” or “Tenant Default”):
(i)
If Tenant fails to make any monetary payment required by the provisions of this Lease after
five (5) calendar days that such payment is due:
(ii)
If Tenant fails within thirty (30) days after written notice to correct any breach or default
of the other covenants, terms, or conditions of this Lease, or in the case of a default which reasonably
requires more than thirty (30) days to cure, if Tenant has not commenced to remedy the same within thirty
(30) days following receipt thereof and be diligently prosecuting such cure.
B.
Landlord Remedies. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, and to the fullest extent
under applicable law, Landlord shall have the immediate right and option (but not the obligation) to
dispossess Tenant and all other occupants therefrom and remove and dispose of all property therein.
(i) Landlord shall also have the right, in addition to and not in limitation of any other right or
remedy, to terminate Tenant’s right to possession of the Leased Premises by any lawful means, in which
case this Lease shall terminate, and Tenant shall immediately surrender possession of the Leased Premises
to Landlord. In such event, Landlord shall be entitled to recover from Tenant all damages incurred by
Landlord by reason of Tenant’s default, including (i) the worth at the time of the award of the unpaid Rent,
and other charges which Landlord had earned at the time of the termination; (ii) the worth at the time of the
award of the amount by which the unpaid Rent and other charges which Landlord would have earned after
termination until the time of the award exceeds the amount of such rental loss that Tenant proves Landlord
could have reasonably avoided; and (iii) the worth at the time of the award of the amount by which the
unpaid Rent, and other charges which Tenant would have paid for the balance of the Lease Term after the
time of award exceeds the amount of such rental loss that Tenant proves Landlord could have reasonably
avoided. As used in subparts (i) and (ii) above, the “worth at the time of the award” is computed by allowing
interest on unpaid amounts at the rate of ten percent (10%) per annum, or such lesser amount as may be the
maximum lawful rate. As used in subpart (iii) above, the “worth at the time of the award” is computed by
discounting such amount at the discount rate of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco at the time of
the award, plus one percent (1%).
(ii) The remedies herein given to Landlord and all rights and remedies given to Landlord by law
and equity shall be cumulative and concurrent. No termination of this Lease or the taking or recovering
possession of the Leased Premises shall deprive Landlord of any remedy now or hereafter available to
Landlord under the laws or judicial decisions of the state in which the Leased Premises are located.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Landlord expressly waives its right to forcibly dispossess
Tenant from the Leased Premises, whether peaceably or otherwise without judicial process, such that
Landlord shall not be entitled to any “commercial lockout” or any other provision of applicable laws which
permit landlords to dispossess tenants from commercial properties without the benefit of judicial review.
24.

NOTICES

A)
All notices or other written communications hereunder are to be in writing and given to
Landlord and Tenant at the address set forth below or at such other address as the parties may hereafter
specify in writing in accordance with this Section.

{00391872}

11

If to Landlord:

with a copy to:

If to Tenant:

with a copy to:

251 Monroe Owner LLC
c/o Criterion Group
28-18 Steinway Street
Astoria, NY 11103
Attn: Leasing Department
Email: Leasing@criteriongroup.com
Tel: (781) 307-7316
Armstrong Teasdale LLP
7 Times Square, 44th Floor
New York, New York 10036
Attn: Richard G. Lyons, Esq.
rlyons@atllp.com
DURHAM SCHOOL SERVICES L.P.
c/o National Express LLC
Legal Department- Real Estate
2601 Navistar Drive, Building 5
Lisle, IL 60532
Attention: Deanna McCollian, Esq.
Colin Van Dyke, Esq.
Anderson & Kreiger LLP
50 Milk Street, 21st Floor
Boston, MA 02109
Phone: 617.621.6585
Email: cvandyke@andersonkreiger.com

B)
All notices will be deemed to have been properly given: (i) upon delivery,
if delivered in person; (ii) upon email transmission, such notice is given on a business day between the
hours of 8:30 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, and if not it will be deemed provided on the
following business day, and further, if requested by the receiving party, a copy of any notice given by email
transmission is also subsequently mailed to the receiving party in accordance with the terms herein; (iii)
one (1) business day after having been deposited for overnight delivery with any reputable overnight courier
service; or (iv) three business days after having been deposited with the U.S. Postal Service for delivery by
registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, addressed to the Landlord or Tenant
respectively at the addresses set forth above. Either party may specify any address in the United States by
giving at least ten (10) days’ written notice thereof to the other party. Notices may be given on behalf of
either party by the legal representative of such party.
25.

SIGNS

Tenant shall have the privilege, subject to the prior written approval of Landlord, which may be
withheld in Landlord’s reasonable discretion, and to such standards as established by Landlord from time
to time, to place on the Leased Premises, such signs as it deems necessary and proper in the conduct of its
business, provided the Tenant pays all costs associated with the erection, maintenance and operation of any
and all such signs. Any such signage shall at all times comply with all applicable governmental approvals,
codes, and property policies. Tenant agrees to hold Landlord harmless from any and all losses, damages,
claims, suits or actions for any damage or injury to the person or property caused by the erection,
maintenance and operation of such signs or parts thereof, except where due to Landlord’s negligence or

{00391872}

12

willful misconduct. Tenant shall be solely responsible for the removal of any such signs at the end of the
Term and repair any damage in connection therewith.
26.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENTS

This Lease contains the entire agreement of the parties hereto, and no representations, inducements,
promises or agreements, oral or otherwise, between the parties, not embodied herein or therein, shall be of
any force and effect. This Lease shall not be modified, altered, changed or amended except by a writing
executed by Landlord and Tenant.
27.

SEVERABILITY

Each term and provision of this Lease shall be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Should any term or provision of this Lease, or the application thereof, prove illegal or unenforceable, the
remainder of this Lease shall still be valid and enforced.
28.

COUNTERPARTS

This Lease may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute the
agreement of the parties hereto and may be executed by facsimile and other electronic means, including by
.PDF, each of which shall be deemed an original.
29.

GOVERNING LAW

Both parties agree that this Lease and all terms hereof and all matters relating to this Lease are
controlled by the laws where the Real Property is located.
30.

LEGAL COUNSEL

Landlord and Tenant each acknowledge that it has had the opportunity to review this Lease with
legal counsel of its choice, and there will be no presumption that ambiguities will be construed or interpreted
against the drafter.
31.

NO RECORDATION

Neither this Lease, nor any other writing regarding the Lease, shall be recorded without the prior
written consent of both parties, and a recording in violation of this provision shall be an event of default
under the Lease.
32.

SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS

The terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease shall, subject to the provisions as to assignment,
apply to and bind the heirs, successors, executors, administrators and assigns of all of the parties hereto. If
Tenant shall consist of more than one entity or person, the obligations of Tenant under this Lease shall be
joint and several.
33.

LIMITATION ON TENANT’S RECOURSE

In no event shall either party ever be liable to the other for any indirect or consequential damages
incurred by each party resulting from any cause whatsoever. Tenant specifically agrees to look solely to
Landlord’s then equity interest in the Real Property and Leased Premises, or any insurance or sale proceeds
of the Real Property, for recovery of any judgment from Landlord. In no event shall any of the partners,

{00391872}

13

managers, members, officers, directors, shareholders, representatives or employees acting on behalf of
Landlord, or any successor in interest, nor any beneficiary of any Trust of which any person holding
Landlord’s interest as Trustee, be personally liable for any such judgment or claim by Tenant. In no event
shall any of the partners, managers, members, officers, directors, shareholders, representatives or
employees acting on behalf of Tenant be personally liable for any such judgment or claim by Landlord.
34.

ATTORNEYS’ FEES.

If either party hereto fails to perform any of its obligations under this Lease or if any dispute arises
between the parties hereto concerning the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Lease and such
dispute results in legal action, then the party not prevailing in such dispute shall pay all costs and expenses
incurred by the other party, including court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees.
35.

LANDLORD RULES AND REGULATIONS

Tenant shall, after reasonable notice and at all times during the Term and any extension thereof,
comply with all reasonable rules and regulations that may be established by Landlord regarding use of the
Leased Premises and the Real Property.
36.

PERSONAL GUARANTY

This Lease shall be guaranteed by NATIONAL EXPRESS, LLC the parent company to Tenant
(“Guarantor”). As a condition precedent to the effectiveness of this Lease and Landlord granting to Tenant
a leasehold interest in the Leased Premises, Guarantors shall execute that certain Guaranty attached hereto
as Exhibit E, as incorporated herein. Guarantor and Tenant shall be respectively jointly and severally liable
for each and every obligation of Tenant under this Lease.
37.

TERMINATION OPTIONS

(a) Tenant’s bid season is from April 1st to July 1st each year, with Tenant receiving bid awards
on or before August 15th of each year. Should Tenant be awarded less than 75% of the current business it
bid to retain, Tenant shall have the right to terminate this Lease by written notice to Landlord delivered on
or before September 15th of the year in which the bids were lost, with such termination effective on the
sixtieth (60th) day following Tenant’s notice to Landlord.
(b) If any law, ordinance, rule or regulation is enacted or issued after the Commencement Date
that renders the Leased Premises substantially unusable for the Permitted Use, Tenant shall have the right,
upon at least thirty (30) days’ written notice to Landlord, to terminate this Lease.
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.]

{00391872}

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have caused this Lease to be executed as of the
Effective Date.
LANDLORD
251 MONROE OWNER LLC
a Delaware Limited Liability Company

By: _______________________________
Name: Shibber Khan
Title: Managing Principal

TENANT
DURHAM SCHOOL SERVICES L.P. a Delaware Limited
Partnership

By: _________________________________
L. Waits, Jr.
Name:Gary
_______________________________
Title: _________________________________
CEO, Student Transportation

{00391872}

15

EXHIBIT A
LEGAL DESCRIPTION OF REAL PROPERTY

Legal Description of the Property

{00391872}

Ex. D

{00391872}

Ex. A

{00391872}

Ex. A

{00391872}

Ex. A

EXHIBIT B
LANDLORD’S WORK

4 – Offices 10’ x 10’ whitewash and carpet
1 – Dispatch area 15’ x 15’ whitewash and concrete floors
1 Training area 20’ x 20’ whitewash and concrete floors
1 Breakroom 20’ x 20’ (a lot of the monitors stay between runs) whitewash and concrete floors
2 Bathrooms with 2 to 3 stalls each (1 Women, 1 Mens)

{00391872}

Ex. B

EXHIBIT C
COMMENCEMENT DATE MEMORANDUM
THIS COMMENCEMENT DATE MEMORANDUM (“Memorandum”) is made as of the ___
day of __________ 2023, by and between 251 Monroe Owner LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(the “Landlord”) and DURHAM SCHOOL SERVICES L.P. a Delaware Limited Partnership
(“Tenant”)(“Tenant”).
WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant entered into that certain Lease Agreement dated ___________,
2023 (“Lease”), whereby Landlord leased to Tenant, and Tenant leased from Landlord, certain Property
located at 251 Monroe Ave, Kenilworth, New Jersey, consisting of approximately 2.42 acres of land,
including a building consisting of approximately 18,515 square feet of space (the “Building”_, as more
particularly described in the Lease;
WHEREAS, in accordance with Section 2 of the Lease, Landlord and Tenant desire to set forth
the Commencement Date, the date the Term expires, the specific Fixed Rent dates, and the notice dates and
expiration dates of Tenant’s Renewal Option provided to Tenant under the Lease, all as hereinafter set forth
in this Memorandum; and
WHEREAS, capitalized terms used in this Memorandum but not defined herein have the
meanings ascribed to such terms under the Lease.
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1.

The Commencement Date is established as _________.

2.
The Term expires on ______________________, unless the Lease is
extended or sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Lease.
3.
Tenant must exercise its [first] Renewal Option, if at all, by providing the
renewal notice to Landlord no later than ___________________, subject to the express
terms of the Lease.
4.

The [first] Renewal Option expires on ______________________, unless
the Lease is extended or sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of
the Lease.

5.
[IF APPLICABLE] Tenant must exercise its [second] Renewal Option, if
at all, by providing the renewal notice to Landlord no later than ___________________,
subject to the express terms of the Lease.
6.
The [second] Renewal Option expires on ______________________,
unless the Lease is extended or sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the Lease.
7.
The “Applicable Portion of Initial Lease Term” column of the rent table
in Article IV shall be amended as follows:
Applicable Portion of Initial
Lease Term
__/__/____ - __/__/____
__/__/____ - __/__/____

{00391872}

Ex. C

[SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGE]

{00391872}

Ex. C

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have caused this Memorandum to be executed
as of the day and year first above written.
LANDLORD:
251 Monroe Owner LLC
By:
Name: Shibber Khan
Title: Managing Principal

TENANT:
DURHAM SCHOOL SERVICES L.P.
By:
Name:
Title:

{00391872}

Ex. C

EXHIBIT D
SUBORDINATION, NON-DISTURBANCE, & ATTORNMENT AGREEMENT
THIS
SUBORDINATION,
NON-DISTURBANCE
AND
ATTORNMENT
AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is made as of the ________ day of _____, 202_ by and between
________________________, a ___________ limited liability company (together with its
successors and assigns “Lender”), having an address at __________________________________,
and [TENANT*], a [TT STATE LIMITED/CORP], having an address at
______________________________________________ (“Tenant”).
RECITALS:
A.
Tenant is the holder of a leasehold estate (the “Leased Premises” in a portion of the
property described on Exhibit A (the “Property”) under and pursuant to the provisions of a certain
lease between [LANDLORD*], a [LL STATE LIMITED/CORP], as landlord (“Landlord”) and
Tenant, as tenant (the “Lease”);
B.
The Property is or is to be encumbered by one or more mortgages, deeds of trust,
deeds to secure debt or similar security agreements (collectively, the “Security Instrument”) in
favor of or to be assigned to Lender; and
C.
Tenant has agreed to subordinate the Lease to the Security Instrument and to the
lien thereof and Lender has agreed to grant non-disturbance to Tenant under the Lease on the terms
and conditions hereinafter set forth.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the Recitals set forth above and the mutual
promises, covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto promise, covenant and
agree as follows:
1.
Subordination. Subject to the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Lease
shall be subject and subordinate in all respects to the lien and terms of the Security Instrument, to
any and all advances to be made thereunder and to all renewals, modifications, consolidations,
replacements and extensions thereof.
2.
Nondisturbance. So long as Tenant timely pays all rents and other charges as
specified in the Lease and is not otherwise in default (beyond applicable notice and cure periods)
of any of its obligations and covenants pursuant to the Lease, Lender agrees for itself and its
successors in interest and for any purchaser of the Property upon a foreclosure of the Security
Instrument, that Tenant’s use, enjoyment, occupancy, and possession of the premises as described
in the Lease will not be disturbed during the term of the Lease, as said term may be extended
pursuant to the terms of the Lease or as said premises may be expanded as specified in the Lease,
by reason of a foreclosure. For purposes of this agreement, a “foreclosure” shall include (but not
be limited to) a sheriff’s or trustee’s sale under the power of sale contained in the Security

{00391872}

Ex. D

Instrument, the termination of any superior lease of the Property and any other transfer of
Landlord’s interest in the Property under peril of foreclosure, including, without limitation to the
generality of the foregoing, an assignment or sale in lieu of foreclosure.
3.
Attornment. Tenant agrees to attorn to, accept and recognize any person or entity
which acquires the Property through a foreclosure (an “Acquiring Party”) as the landlord under
the Lease for the then remaining balance of the term of the Lease, and any extensions thereof as
made pursuant to the Lease. The foregoing provision shall be self-operative and shall not require
the execution of any further instrument or agreement by Tenant as a condition to its effectiveness.
Tenant agrees, however, to execute and deliver, at any time and from time to time, upon the request
of Lender or any Acquiring Party any reasonable instrument which may be necessary or
appropriate to evidence such attornment.
4.
No Liability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the
Lease, it is specifically understood and agreed that neither Lender, any receiver nor any Acquiring
Party shall be:
(a)
liable for any act, omission, negligence or default of any prior landlord (other than
to cure defaults of a continuing nature with respect to the maintenance or repair of the
demised premises or the Property); provided, however, that any Acquiring Party shall be
liable and responsible for the performance of all covenants and obligations of landlord
under the Lease accruing from and after the date that it takes title to the Property; or
(b)
except as set forth in (a), above, liable for any failure of any prior landlord to
construct any improvements, other than the initial Landlord’s Work for Tenant’s
occupancy;
(c)
subject to any offsets, credits, claims or defenses which Tenant might have
against any prior landlord (unless accruing from and after the date Tenant notifies the
Acquiring Party of the same); or
(d)
bound by any rent or additional rent which is payable on a monthly basis and
which Tenant might have paid for more than one (1) month in advance to any prior
landlord; or
(e)
bound by any cancellation, surrender, amendment or modification of the Lease or
release of liability thereunder not expressly consented to in writing by Lender or
otherwise permitted by the Security Instrument in each instance, unless such cancellation,
surrender, amendment or modification is the result of Tenant’s exercise of a unilateral
right expressly provided to Tenant under the Lease for which no Landlord consent is
required; or
(f)
be liable to Tenant hereunder or under the terms of the Lease beyond its interest
in the Property.

{00391872}

Ex. D

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant reserves its rights to any and all claims or causes of
action against such prior landlord for prior losses or damages and against the successor landlord
for all losses or damages arising from and after the date that such successor landlord takes title to
the Property.
5.
Rent. Tenant has notice that the Lease and the rents and all other sums due
thereunder have been assigned to Lender as security for the loan secured by the Security
Instrument. In the event Lender notifies Tenant of the occurrence of a default under the Security
Instrument and demands that Tenant pay its rents and all other sums due or to become due under
the Lease directly to Lender, Tenant shall honor such demand and pay its rent and all other sums
due under the Lease directly to Lender or as otherwise authorized in writing by Lender. Landlord
hereby irrevocably authorizes Tenant to make the foregoing payments to Lender upon such notice
and demand.
6.
Lender to Receive Notices. Tenant shall notify Lender of any default by Landlord
under the Lease which would entitle Tenant to cancel the Lease, and agrees that, notwithstanding
any provisions of the Lease to the contrary, no notice of cancellation thereof shall be effective
unless Lender shall have received notice of default giving rise to such cancellation and shall have
failed within sixty (60) days after receipt of such notice to cure such default, or if such default
cannot be cured within sixty (60) days, shall have failed within sixty (60) days after receipt of such
notice to commence and thereafter diligently pursue any action necessary to cure such default.
Nothing this Section 6 shall be deemed to limit Tenant’s unilateral right to terminate the Lease as
expressly provided in the Lease.
7.
Notices. All notices or other written communications hereunder shall be deemed to
have been properly given (i) upon delivery, if delivered in person with receipt acknowledged by
the recipient thereof, (ii) one (1) Business Day (hereinafter defined) after having been deposited
for overnight delivery with any reputable overnight courier service, or (iii) three (3) Business Days
after having been deposited in any post office or mail depository regularly maintained by the U.S.
Postal Service and sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested,
addressed to the receiving party at its address set forth above, and:
if to Tenant, to

[TENANT*]
____________________________________
____________________________________
Attention: ___________________________; and

if to Lender:

____________________________________
____________________________________
____________________________________
Attention: ___________________________
Email: ______________________________

with a copy to:

____________________________________

{00391872}

Ex. D

____________________________________
____________________________________
Attention: ___________________________
Email: ______________________________
or addressed as such party may from time to time designate by written notice to the other
parties. For purposes of this Paragraph 7, the term “Business Day” shall mean any day other than
Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which banks are required or authorized to close in Chicago,
Illinois.
Either party by notice to the other may designate additional or different addresses for
subsequent notices or communications.
8.
Successors. The obligations and rights of the parties pursuant to this Agreement
shall bind and inure to the benefit of the successors, assigns, heirs and legal representatives of the
respective parties.
9.
Duplicate Originals; Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number
of duplicate originals and each duplicate original shall be deemed to be an original. This
Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which counterparts shall be deemed
an original instrument and all of which together shall constitute a single Agreement. The failure of
any party hereto to execute this Agreement, or any counterpart hereof, shall not relieve the other
signatories from their obligations hereunder.

[Signature Page Follows]

{00391872}

Ex. D

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Lender and Tenant have duly executed this Agreement as of
the date first above written.

LENDER:
_____________________________________,
a ________________ limited liability company

By: _________________________________
Name:
Title

TENANT:
[TENANT*],
a [TT STATE LIMITED/CORP]

By: ______________________________________
Name:
Title:

The undersigned accepts and agrees to
the provisions of Paragraph 5:
LANDLORD:
[LANDLORD*],
a [LL STATE LIMITED/CORP]
By: ______________________________________
Name:
Title:

{00391872}

Signature Page to SNDA

LENDER’S ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
STATE OF _________
COUNTY OF ________

)
) SS.
)

I, _____________, a Notary Public in and for said County, in the State aforesaid, DO HEREBY CERTIFY
that ________________, personally known to me to be the ____________ of _________________________, a
____________ limited liability company, whose name is subscribed to the within instrument, appeared before me
this day in person and acknowledged that, in such capacity, (s)he signed and delivered the said Instrument of
writing as _________ of said _________________, as his/her free and voluntary act and as the free and voluntary
act and deed of said entity for the uses and purposes therein set forth.
GIVEN under my hand and Notarial Seal this day of _____________, 2___.
_______________________________
Notary Public
My Commission expires: _________________________________

TENANT’S ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
STATE OF _________
COUNTY OF _______

)
) SS.
)

I, _____________, a Notary Public in and for said County, in the State aforesaid, DO HEREBY CERTIFY
that ________________, personally known to me to be the ____________ of _____________________, a
___________________________, whose name is subscribed to the within instrument, appeared before me this
day in person and acknowledged that, in such capacity, (s)he signed and delivered the said Instrument of writing
as his/her free and voluntary act and as the free and voluntary act and deed of said entity, for the uses and purposes
therein set forth.
GIVEN under my hand and Notarial Seal this day of _____________, 2___.
_______________________________
Notary Public
My Commission expires: _________________________________

{00391872}

Signature Page to SNDA

LANDLORD’S ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
STATE OF _________
COUNTY OF _______

)
) SS.
)

I, _____________, a Notary Public in and for said County, in the State aforesaid, DO HEREBY CERTIFY
that ________________, personally known to me to be the ____________ of __________________________, a
_____________ limited liability company, whose name is subscribed to the within instrument, appeared before
me this day in person and acknowledged that, in such capacity, (s)he signed and delivered the said Instrument of
writing as his/her free and voluntary act and as the free and voluntary act and deed of said entity for the uses and
purposes therein set forth.
GIVEN under my hand and Notarial Seal this day of _____________, 2_____.
_______________________________
Notary Public
My Commission expires: _________________________________

{00391872}

Signature Page to SNDA

EXHIBIT A
Legal Description of the Property

{00391872}

Ex. D

Ex. E

Ex. E

Ex. E

EXHIBIT E
GUARANTY
THIS GUARANTY is made as of the ______ day of May 2023, by NATIONAL EXPRESS LLC
A Delaware Limited Liability Company EIN: 52-210617 (the “GUARANTOR”).
W I T N E S S E T H:
WHEREAS, contemporaneously herewith 251 MONROE OWNER LLC (the “Landlord”) is
entering into a lease (the “Lease”) with DURHAM SCHOOL SERVICES L.P. (the “Tenant”), for certain
premises located at 251 Monroe Ave, Kenilworth, New Jersey, which premises are more particularly
described in the Lease (the “Premises”); and
WHEREAS, Guarantor is the parent of Tenant and as such Guarantor will derive substantial
benefit from the Lease; and.
WHEREAS, Guarantor acknowledges that Landlord would not agree to enter into the Lease unless
Guarantor executes and delivers this Guaranty
NOW, THEREFORE, in order to induce Landlord to enter into the Lease and in consideration of
Landlord’s entering into the Lease, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which Guarantor hereby acknowledges, Guarantor hereby covenants, acknowledges and
agrees as follows:
a.
Guarantor, as primary obligor, hereby absolutely, unconditionally, irrevocably guarantees
to Landlord the full and faithful performance and observance by Tenant of all of the terms, covenants,
provisions and conditions contained in the Lease on the part of Tenant to be performed and/or observed,
including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (x) the due and punctual payment in full (and
not merely the collectability) of all rents, amounts and obligations due and payable by Tenant under the
Lease; (y) the due and punctual performance and/or observance of all of the other terms, covenants and
conditions contained in the Lease on the part of Tenant to be performed or observed, and (z) the due and
punctual payment in full (and not the mere collectability) of any damages or differences to be paid by
Tenant upon or after termination of this Lease by reason of any default by Tenant.
b.
Guarantor expressly agrees that Landlord may, in its sole and absolute discretion, without
notice to or further assent of Guarantor and without in any way releasing, affecting or impairing the
obligations and liabilities of Guarantor hereunder: (i) waive compliance with, or any default under, or grant
any other indulgences with respect to, the Lease; (ii) by agreement between Tenant and Landlord, modify,
amend or change any provisions of the Lease; (iii) grant extensions or renewals of the Lease and/or effect
any release, compromise or settlement in connection therewith; (iv) agree to the substitution, exchange,
release or other disposition of all or any part of the Premises; (v) make advances for the purpose of
performing any term or covenant contained in the Lease, with respect to which Tenant shall be in default;
(vi) assign or otherwise transfer its interest in the Premises or in this Guaranty or any interest therein or
herein; (vii) consent to an assignment, conveyance, extinguishment or other transfer of all or any part of
the interest of Tenant in the Lease; and/or (viii) deal in all respects with Tenant as if this Guaranty were not
in effect.
c.
The liability of Guarantor under this Guaranty shall be primary, direct and immediate and
not conditional or contingent upon pursuit by Landlord of any remedies it may have against Tenant with
respect to the Lease, whether pursuant to the terms thereof or by law. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, Landlord shall not be required to make any demand on Tenant, or otherwise pursue or exhaust

Ex. E

its remedies against Tenant before, simultaneously with or after enforcing its rights and remedies hereunder
against Guarantor. Any one or more successive and/or concurrent actions and/or proceedings may be
brought hereon against Guarantor either in the same action and/or proceedings, as often as Landlord, in its
sole discretion, may deem advisable.
d.
The Guarantor also agrees that, in any jurisdiction, it will be conclusively bound by the
judgement in any such action by Landlord against Tenant (wherever brought) as if the Guarantor were a
party to such action even though the Guarantor is not joined as a party in such action.
e.
For the duration of the Term and any renewals thereof, Guarantor, as primary obligor,
hereby absolutely, unconditionally, irrevocably guarantees to Landlord the full and faithful performance
and observance by Tenant of all of the terms, covenants, provisions and conditions contained in the Lease
on the part of Tenant to be performed and/or observed, including, without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, (x) the due and punctual payment in full (and not merely the collectability) of all rents, amounts
and obligations due and payable by Tenant under the Lease; (y) the due and punctual performance and/or
observance of all of the other terms, covenants and conditions contained in the Lease on the part of Tenant
to be performed or observed, and (z) the due and punctual payment in full (and not the mere collectability)
of any damages or differences to be paid by Tenant upon or after termination of this Lease by reason of any
default by Tenant.
f.

[Intentionally omitted]

g.
If Guarantor shall advance any sums to Tenant or its permitted successors or assigns or if
Tenant shall hereafter become indebted to Guarantor, such sums and indebtedness shall be subordinate in
all respects to the amounts then or thereafter due and owing to Landlord under the Lease. Nothing herein
contained shall be construed to give Guarantor any right of subrogation in and to Landlord’s rights under
or interest in the Lease until all amounts owing to Landlord have been paid in full.
h.
All rights and remedies afforded to Landlord by reason of this Guaranty, and the Lease, or
by law, are separate and cumulative and the exercise of one shall not in any way limit or prejudice the
exercise of any other such rights or remedies. No delay or omission by Landlord in exercising any such
right or remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof. No waiver of any rights and remedies hereunder, and no
modification or amendment hereof, shall be deemed made by Landlord or Guarantor unless in writing and
duly signed by the party to be bound. Any such written waiver shall apply only to the particular instance
specified therein and shall not impair the further exercise of any right or remedy or of any other right or
remedy of Landlord or Guarantor, and no single or partial exercise of any right or remedy hereunder shall
preclude other or further exercise thereof of any other right or remedy.
i.
This Guaranty shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State
of New Jersey applicable to agreements made and to be wholly performed within the State of New Jersey.
In any action brought under or arising out of this Guaranty, Guarantor hereby consents to the jurisdiction
of any competent court within the State of New Jersey, including, without limitation, federal courts of the
United States of America.
j.
This Guaranty shall inure to the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, Landlord and its
successors and assigns and shall be binding upon, and enforceable against, Guarantor, its heirs, executors,
representatives, successors and assigns. As used in this Guaranty, the term “Landlord” shall be deemed to
include any assignee of Landlord’s interest in the Lease and this Guaranty.
k.
Guarantor warrants and represents to Landlord that (i) this Guaranty has been voluntarily,
knowingly and competently entered into by Guarantor, (ii) this Guaranty represents the valid and binding

Ex. E

obligation of Guarantor and is enforceable against Guarantor in accordance with its terms, and (iii)
Guarantor is the parent of Tenant.
l.
All capitalized terms used in this Agreement not otherwise defined herein shall have the
meaning ascribed to them in the Lease.
(SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS)

Ex. E

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Guarantor has duly executed this Guaranty as of this day and year
first above written.
Witness:
____________________________________ _____________________________________

______________________________, Guarantor

STATE OF [___________]
COUNTY OF ________

)
:
)

SS.

I CERTIFY that on ________________ __, 20__, __________ personally appeared before me and
acknowledged under oath, to my satisfaction, that this person (or if more than one each persons):
a.
b.

is named in and personally signed the within instrument; and
signed, sealed and delivered the same as his/her/their act and deed.

______________________________
Notary Public

STATE OF [___________]
COUNTY OF ________

)
:
)

SS.

I CERTIFY that on ________________ __, 20__, __________ personally appeared before me and
acknowledged under oath, to my satisfaction, that this person (or if more than one each persons):
a.
b.

is named in and personally signed the within instrument; and
signed, sealed and delivered the same as his/her/their act and deed.
______________________________
Notary Public

Ex. E

