LEASE
THIS LEASE (“Lease”) is made effective ____
__, 2023 (“Effective Date”) by and between 251
June 27
MONROE OWNER LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Landlord”) and FDR HITCHES
LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company (“Tenant”).
RECITALS
A.
Landlord is the fee owner of that certain real property located at 251 Monroe Avenue,
Kenilworth, New Jersey, as more particularly described and depicted in Exhibit A, which is expressly
incorporated herein by reference (“Real Property”).
B.
Upon the Commencement Date (hereinafter defined), Landlord has agreed to lease to
Tenant approximately 18,000 square feet of land for Tenant’s exclusive use pursuant to this Lease, known
as Building 30 (the “Leased Premises”). Landlord leases to Tenant, and Tenant rents from Landlord, the
Leased Premises together with all non-exclusive access, utilities, and, if any, certain common area related
to the Real Property.
In consideration of the mutual promises contained herein and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant agree
as follows:
1.

INCORPORATION OF RECITALS
Landlord and Tenant agree that the Recitals shall be expressly incorporated into the Lease.

2.

LEASED PREMISES AND TERM

A.

This Lease shall be in full force and effect from the Effective Date. The term of this Lease
shall be for a period of Seventy-Two (72) months (the “Term”), beginning on the Effective Date (hereinafter
the “Commencement Date”), and expiring Seventy-Two (72) months thereafter, unless sooner terminated
or extended as provided herein (the “Lease Term”). As used herein, the term “Commencement Date” shall
mean Effective Date; provided, however, in the event that Landlord is delayed in delivering the Leased
Premises as a result of a failure of the existing tenant or occupant to vacate the Leased Premises, (a) this
Lease shall remain in full force and effect and Tenant shall have no claim against Landlord by reason of
any such delay, and (b) the Commencement Date shall be the date that Landlord is able to deliver the Leased
Premises to Tenant.
3.

EXISTING CONDITION

Landlord shall deliver and Tenant accepts the Leased Premises and Real Property in the “AS IS”
“WHERE-IS” condition as of the Commencement Date, subject to all recorded matters, laws, ordinances,
and governmental regulations and orders. Tenant represents and warrants that Tenant has made its own
inspection, investigation of and inquiry regarding the condition of the Leased Premises and Real Property
and its suitability for Tenant’s intended purposes, or for any other purpose, and is not relying on any
representations of Landlord or any person acting on Landlord’s behalf with respect thereto. If Tenant takes
possession of the Leased Premises prior to the Commencement Date, Tenant shall perform all terms of this
Lease from the date it takes possession.
4.

RENT

{00391872}

A)
Tenant shall pay Fixed Rent (“Fixed Rent”) to Landlord, in advance on the first day of each
month, without further notice or demand, installments determined by the following table:
Months

Monthly Fixed Rent

Yearly Fixed Rent

1-12

$26,000.00

$312,000.00

13-24

$26,780.00

$321,360.00

25-36

$27,583.40

$331,000.80

37-48

$28,410.90

$340,930.82

49-60

$29,263.23

$351,158.74

61-72

$30,141.13

$361,693.50

B)
Tenant shall pay an amount equal to the first month’s Fixed Rent upon the Effective Date
of this Lease, to be credited toward the first payment of Fixed Rent. If any installment of Rent or any other
sums due from Tenant shall not be received by Landlord within five (5) business days following when the
same becomes due, the outstanding amount shall bear interest from the date when the same was payable
until the date paid at the lesser of (a) eight percent (8%) per annum, compounded monthly, or (b) the highest
rate of interest permitted by applicable law (the “Default Interest Rate”). If the Commencement Date is
other than the first (1st) day of a calendar month, Tenant shall pay the prorated amount of the monthly
installment of the Fixed Rent at the rate payable after the Commencement Date for such partial calendar
month on the Commencement Date.
5.

SECURITY DEPOSIT

A)
Simultaneously with its execution of this Lease, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a security
deposit in an amount equal to Two (2) months of Fixed Rent set forth in Section 4, or Fifty-Two Thousand
dollars 00/100 ($52,000.00) (the “Security Deposit”) to be held by Landlord during the Lease Term as
collateral security (and not prepaid rent), for the payment of all rent and for the faithful performance by
Tenant of all other covenants, conditions and agreements of this Lease Landlord acknowledges that it is
currently holding a Security Deposit in the amount of $33,201.00, as such, Simultaneously with the
execution of this Lease, Tenant shall supply Landlord with an additional $18,799.00, in order to bring the
Security Deposit up to the amount required by this section. The Security Deposit shall be furnished to
Landlord in the form of (i) a cash transfer, or (ii) an unconditional and irrevocable letter of credit delivered
pursuant to this Section, and all substitutions, replacements and renewals of it must be consistent with and
shall satisfy all the requirements in the letter of credit criteria in Rider 1, attached hereto (“Letter of Credit
Criteria”). Unless otherwise set forth under applicable law, Landlord shall not be (i) obligated to hold the
Security Deposit in a separate account, or (ii) required to pay any interest on the Security Deposit. Should
the Security Deposit be delivered in the form of a Letter of Credit, Tenant shall not assign or grant any
security interest in the Letter of Credit and any attempt to do so shall be void and of no effect. If the Security
Deposit is not delivered to and accepted by Landlord within five (5) days after the Effective Date, Landlord
may, at its election, exercised in its absolute discretion, (a) void the Lease for failure of a condition

{00391872}

2

subsequent or (b) proceed with its rights and remedies for an Event(s) of Default. If a Tenant Default occurs,
then Landlord, at its option and without prejudice to any other remedy which Landlord may have, may
apply all or part of the Security Deposit to compensate Landlord for the payment of rent, or any loss or
damage sustained by Landlord to the extent permitted by this Lease. Tenant shall restore the Security
Deposit to the original sum deposited within five (5) business days following Landlord’s demand. Provided
that Tenant shall have made all payments and performed all covenants and agreements of this Lease,
Landlord shall return the Security Deposit to Tenant (except to the extent of any portion of the Security
Deposit which has been applied by Landlord and not restored by Tenant) within ninety (90) days after the
expiration of this Lease or the vacation of the Leased Premises by Tenant, whichever is later (and, in the
event Tenant shall have not made all payments and performed all covenants and agreements of this Lease,
Landlord shall return to Tenant the excess, if any, of the Security Deposit remaining after the application
of the Security Deposit as is required to satisfy such payment amounts and/or performance of covenants,
within ninety (90) days after the expiration of this Lease or the vacation of the Leased Premises by Tenant,
whichever is later).
B)
In the event of the sale or transfer of Landlord’s interest in the Real Property, Landlord
shall have the right to transfer the Security Deposit to the purchaser or assignee of Landlord’s interest in
the Real Property, and upon notification of Tenant of such transfer Tenant shall look only to the new
landlord for the return of the Security Deposit, and Landlord shall thereupon be released from all liability
to Tenant for the return of the Security Deposit. Tenant hereby agrees not to look to the mortgagee, as
mortgagee, mortgagee in possession, or successor in title to the property, for accountability for the Security
Deposit, unless said sums have actually been received by said mortgagee as security for Tenant’s
performance of this Lease.
6.

RENEWAL OPTION

Provided there is no default hereunder either as of the date Tenant notifies Landlord of its election
to extend the Term or as of the first day of the extension period, Tenant may extend the original term for
one (1) period of sixty (60) months with the Fixed Rent increasing by the then existing fair market rent, as
reasonably determined by Landlord, not less than 104% of the previous year’s rent (each, a “Renewal
Option” and, collectively, the “Renewal Options”). Tenant shall notify Landlord of its election to extend
the Term by giving Landlord notice thereof not less than nine (9) months prior to the expiration of the Term
then in effect. All of the provisions of this Lease (other than the amount of Fixed Rent payable hereunder)
shall apply during any such extension period.
7.

REAL PROPERTY EXPENSES

A)
Tenant acknowledges this is a “triple net” Lease, and that the Fixed Rent under Section 4
herein intends to provide Landlord an absolute “net” return for the Term, free of any expenses or charges
for the Leased Premises. In addition to the Fixed Rent under Section 4, Tenant shall be responsible for all
expenses or charges that relate to or arise from the Leased Premises and Real Property, which shall include,
but are not limited to, Landlord’s insurance, real estate taxes, any sales tax imposed on the rents paid under
this Lease, water/sewer charges (if any), electricity, snow and ice removal, maintenance, repair and
replacement of systems or equipment (if applicable) of any nature whatsoever, routine maintenance of the
Real Property (including paving, striping, and landscaping), security or alarm costs, property management
fees, and all utilities, permits, and use and occupancy taxes (each, a “Property Expense” and, collectively,
the “Property Expenses”). Fixed Rent and Property Expenses may be referred to in this Lease as “Rent.”
Tenant Share for the purpose of this Lease is 4.0%.
B)
Landlord will provide Tenant a reasonably detailed statement showing the amount of
Property Expenses incurred during said time period and Tenant shall pay to Landlord the amount in such

{00391872}

3

statement within thirty (30) days after delivery by Landlord to Tenant. For avoidance of doubt, such a
detailed statement shall not include costs and expenses for any maintenance and repair items being handled
and paid for separately by Tenant. This provision shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the
Lease.
8.

PERMITTED USE

Tenant shall have the right at all times during the Term to use the Leased Premises for the sole
purpose of storing cargo and accessories for snow plows & trucks as necessary for Tenant’s business and
no other purpose (the “Permitted Use”). Tenant shall comply with all laws, codes, rules, regulations and
other governmental requirements in its use and operation of the Leased Premises and shall be solely
responsible for obtaining any and all permits required for Tenant’s use of the Leased Premises in accordance
with the Permitted Use. Tenant may not change the Permitted Use without Landlord’s prior written consent
in its sole discretion.
9.

MAINTENANCE & REPAIRS

A.

Landlord shall maintain and repair the structural portions of improvements on the Real
Property in a commercially reasonable manner. All related costs and expenses shall be deemed Property
Expenses in the year in which same were incurred.

B.
Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, shall be responsible for the routine maintenance of the
Leased Premises, and all costs for maintenance, repair and/or replacement related to the property systems
and Leased Premises. Tenant shall use best efforts to maintain the property systems throughout the Lease
Term.
10.

INDEMNITY

To the fullest extent under applicable law, Tenant shall defend, indemnify and save harmless the
Landlord, its officers, members, Mortgagees, employees, and agents (“Indemnified Parties”) against and
from all liabilities, damages, claims, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, which may be
imposed upon or incurred by or asserted against Landlord by reason of any of the following which shall
occur during the term of this Lease: (1) the use of the Leased Premises or any act done in, on or about the
Leased Premises by Tenant or its agents, contractors, employees, or invitees; (2) any negligent act or other
wrongful act or omission on the part of Tenant or its agents, contractors, employees, or invitees; (3) any
accident, injury or damage to any person or property occurring in, on or about the Leased Premises caused
by Tenant or its agents, contractors, employees; or (4) any failure on the part of Tenant to perform or comply
with any of the covenants of this Lease or applicable law. Notwithstanding the above, Tenant shall not be
responsible for indemnifying or holding harmless the Indemnified Parties for or against any liabilities,
damages, claims, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, to the extent directly caused by the
gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Landlord or its respective agents, contractors or employees.
11.

TENANT’S INSURANCE

At all times during the Term, and at Tenant’s own cost, Tenant shall maintain a
comprehensive general liability and property damage insurance with limits of at least $5,000,000.00,
naming Landlord as an additional insured, and Landlord’s lender if required. Tenant shall cause any such
insurance to provide for a waiver of any right of recovery by way of subrogation against Landlord for any
damages or losses covered by such policy. Tenant shall provide Landlord with a certificate of insurance
evidencing Tenant’s compliance with this Section.

A.

{00391872}

4

B.
Insurance covering all of Tenant’s work, Tenant’s leasehold improvements, alterations or
additions permitted under Section 11 hereof, Tenant’s trade fixtures, merchandise and personal property
from time to time in, on or upon the Leased Premises, in an amount not less than ninety percent (90%) of
their full replacement cost, without depreciation, from time to time during the Lease Term, providing
protection against any peril included within the classification “Fire and Extended Coverage”, together with
insurance against sprinkler damage, vandalism and malicious mischief and such other additional perils as
covered in a Special Form policy (formerly known as “all risks”) standard insurance policy. Any policy
proceeds shall be used for the repair or replacement of the property damaged or destroyed unless this Lease
shall cease and terminate under the provisions of Section 17, Destruction & Damage hereof, whereupon
any proceeds of insurance covering Tenant’s permanent leasehold improvements and any alterations or
additions permitted under this Section hereof shall be payable to Landlord, but excluding all furniture,
fixtures and equipment.
For each calendar year or part thereof, during the Term, commencing with the
Commencement Date, and any renewal term hereof, if any, and subject to the limitations hereinafter set
forth, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, as additional rent, the insurance premiums which are paid by Landlord
during each calendar year for the insurance policies described in this Lease, taken out by Landlord.

C.

Tenant shall also obtain and maintain (i) Business income (formerly called “business
interruption”) and extra expense insurance in amounts sufficient to cover Fixed Rent and additional rent
due under the Lease for twelve (12) months, (ii) any plate glass on the Leased Premises, but shall have the
option either to insure the risk or to self-insure the same which shall obligate Tenant to be personally liable
for any claim, loss or damage related thereto, (iii) worker’s compensation with a minimum not less than
prescribed by state law, (iv) a policy of comprehensive automobile liability insurance, including loading
and unloading, and covering owned and hired vehicles with limits of no less than $1,000,000.00 per
occurrence, (v) pollution legal liability with limits of not less than $10,000,000 per occurrence and
$10,000,000 in the aggregate, and (vi) insurance on all heating and cooling equipment, boilers and other
pressure vessels and systems, whether fired or unfired, installed by Tenant and located in or exclusively
serving the Leased Premises; and, if said objects, and damage that may be caused by them or result from
them, are not covered by Tenant’s extended coverage insurance.

D.

E.
Landlord may, subject to inclusion as a Property Expense, maintain any insurance deemed
necessary or desirable to Landlord in Landlord’s discretion, including but not limited to Landlord’s risk
insurance in such amounts as Landlord shall elect, business interruption insurance endorsement for loss of
rents, or a Commercial General Liability Insurance policy. Tenant shall not at any time during the Term
carry any stock of goods or do anything in or about the Leased Premises which is likely to increase the
insurance rates upon the Leased Premises. Tenant shall pay to Landlord forthwith upon written demand, the
amount of any increase in premiums for insurance against loss by fire or any other peril normally covered
by fire and extended coverage insurance that may be charged during the Term on the amount of insurance
to be carried by Landlord on Leased Premises resulting solely from the foregoing or from Tenant doing any
act in or about the Leased Premises above that caused by the Permitted Use which does so increase the
insurance rates, whether or not Landlord shall have consented to such act on the part of the Tenant. If Tenant
installs upon the Leased Premises any electrical equipment which constitutes an overload on the electrical
lines of the Leased Premises, Tenant shall, at its own expense, make whatever changes or provide whatever
equipment safeguards are necessary to comply with the requirements of the insurance underwriters and any
governmental authorities having jurisdiction thereover, but nothing herein contained shall be deemed to
constitute Landlord’s consent to such overloading.
Tenant shall cause any of its contractors conducting activities in or about or occupying the
Premises to obtain and maintain the following insurance coverage, and, upon request of Landlord, shall
promptly, within then (10) days, deliver to Landlord evidence of the following insurance coverage naming

F.

{00391872}

5

Landlord and such other parties reasonably designated by Landlord, as additional insureds: such
commercial general liability insurance, from an insurer reasonably acceptable to Landlord, in such amount
as is customary and generally found in the industry of the related endeavor, but in no case less than Two
Million and 00/100 dollars ($2,000,000.00) combined single limit for personal injury and property damage
per occurrence. Such insurance policies shall provide that no act or omission of Tenant shall affect or limit
the obligations of the insurer with respect to any other insured, and provide that the policy and the coverage
provided shall be primary, that Landlord, although an additional insured, shall nevertheless be entitled to
recovery under such policy for any damage to Landlord, that any coverage carried by Landlord shall be
noncontributory with respect to policies carried by Tenant.

G.
All policies of insurance required to be carried by Tenant shall be issued by insurance
companies with a general policy holder’s rating of not less than A and a financial rating of not less than
Class IX as rated in the most current available Best’s Insurance Reports and qualified to do business in the
State of New Jersey. Landlord and Landlord’s Indemnified Parties shall be included as additional insureds
on Tenant’s general liability policy under this Section, and as loss payees on Tenant’s property policy as
applicable, and, if requested by Landlord, Landlord’s mortgagees or beneficiaries. Executed copies of such
policies of insurance (or certificates thereof if accompanied by proof of payment) shall be delivered to
Landlord prior to delivery of possession of the Leased Premises to Tenant and thereafter at least thirty (30)
days prior to the expiration of the term of each such policy. All public liability and property damage policies
shall contain a provision that Landlord, and the Indemnified Parties, although additional insureds shall
nevertheless be entitled to recovery under said policies for any loss occasioned to them, their servants,
agents and employees by reason of any act or omission of Tenant or its servants, agents, employees or
contractors. As often as any such policy shall expire or terminate, renewal or additional policies shall be
procured and maintained by Tenant in like manner and to like extent. If available, all policies of insurance
delivered to Landlord must contain a provision that the company writing said policy will give to Landlord
at least ten (10) days’ notice in writing in advance of any cancellation or lapse or the effective date of any
reduction in the amount of insurance. All public liability, property damage and other casualty policies shall
be written as primary policies, not contributing with and not in excess of coverage which Landlord may
carry.
12.

ALTERATIONS

Tenant shall be prohibited from making any structural alterations or improvements to the Leased
Premises which are permanent in nature (i.e., which are not easily removable and/or non-de minimis ground
penetration) (the “Alterations”), without Landlord’s prior written consent, which consent shall be in the
sole and absolute discretion of Landlord; provided, however, Tenant shall be allowed to make Cosmetic
Alterations without Landlord’s consent, but upon not less than thirty (30) days prior notice. For the purposes
of this provision, “Cosmetic Alterations” shall mean interior, non-structural additions, improvements and
alterations to the Premises so long as the same do not (i) require a permit (building permit or otherwise),
(ii) permanently affect, alter, interfere with or disrupt any of the electrical, mechanical, plumbing or other
system of the Building or Real Property, (iii) affect the outside appearance of the Building or Real Property,
(iv) affect the roof of the Building or any structure on the Leased Premises, or (v) affect any structural
element of the Building or the Real Property. All Alterations on, in or about the Leased Premises that are
deemed to be fixtures and that cannot be removed without damage to the Leased Premises will, at the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, become the property of Landlord and will be
surrendered with the Leased Premises at the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, unless Landlord
requires Tenant to remove such Alterations.
13.

ASSIGNMENT

{00391872}

6

Tenant shall not assign or sublet this Lease without Landlord’s prior written consent in its
reasonable discretion and any attempted transfer or assignment absent Landlord’s consent, shall be void
and confer no rights upon any third party. Notwithstanding the above, provided there is no default of this
Lease beyond the expiration of any cure period at the time of Tenant’s Permitted Transfer (defined below),
Tenant shall have the right to assign the Lease without the prior consent of Landlord (but upon no less than
30 days prior notice to Landlord) to: (i) an affiliate of Tenant; (ii) to an entity in which Tenant or one of its
affiliates has an ownership interest; or (iii) an entity that succeeds to the Tenant as a result of any person or
entity purchasing or acquiring all or substantially all of Tenant’s assets, stock, partnership, or membership
interests (collectively, “Permitted Transfer”). Tenant shall promptly provide notice to Landlord of the
Permitted Transfer after its effective date. The prior Tenant shall not be released from the covenants and
liabilities under the Lease that accrue after the effective date of the Permitted Transfer.
14.

RELOCATION

Landlord reserves the right to relocate the Tenant’s Leased Premises to other premises within the
Real Property as depicted on Exhibit A in a condition to accommodate Tenant’s Permitted Use at the Leased
Premises. If Landlord elects to so relocate Tenant, Landlord shall deliver written notice to Tenant at least
thirty (30) days in advance of the relocation date. Upon relocation, this Lease shall be amended by
substituting the description of the relocated premises and all rights of Tenant to the original Leased Premises
shall cease. Landlord shall solely incur the reasonable cost of any permits, permissions, and/or
improvements necessary for the new Leased Premises. Upon relocation, all terms and conditions of this
Lease shall remain in full force and effect and govern the relocation premises.
15.

BROKERS

Landlord and Tenant represent and warrant that no other real estate broker or brokers were involved
in the negotiation and execution of this Lease. Landlord and Tenant each agree that it shall indemnify the
other and hold it harmless from any and all liability for the breach of any such representation and warranty
on its part and shall pay any compensation to any other broker or person who may be deemed or held to be
entitled thereto due to the actions of the indemnifying party.
16.

ENVIRONMENTAL

A)
Tenant shall not cause or permit any Hazardous Substance to be spilled, leaked, disposed
of, or otherwise released on or under the Real Property. Tenant may use or otherwise handle on the Leased
Premises only those Hazardous Substances in a small amount and as typically used in the prudent and safe
operation of Tenant’s Permitted Use. Tenant shall comply with all Environmental Laws and exercise the
highest degree of care in the use, handling, and storage of Hazardous Substances and shall take all
practicable measures to minimize the quantity and toxicity of Hazardous Substances used, handled, or
stored on the Leased Premises. The term “Environmental Law” shall mean any federal, state, or local
statute, regulation, or ordinance or any judicial or other governmental order pertaining to the protection of
health, safety, or the environment. The term “Hazardous Substance” shall mean any hazardous, toxic,
infectious, or radioactive substance, waste, and material as defined or listed by any Environmental Law and
shall include, without limitation, petroleum, petroleum by-products (including, but not limited to, crude oil,
diesel oil, fuel oil, gasoline, oil refuse, and all other liquid hydrocarbons, regardless of specific gravity),
and natural or synthetic gas products.
B)
Tenant shall defend, indemnify and hold Landlord (and Landlord’s officers and affiliates)
harmless for, from and against all damages (including attorneys’ fees incurred), losses, liabilities and claims
asserted against or suffered by Landlord which arise from the use, storage, generation, transportation,
release or disposal of Hazardous Substances occurring in or about the Leased Premises during the Term or

{00391872}

7

from Hazardous Substances which are introduced to the Real Property by Tenant or any person acting on
behalf of or under the direction of Tenant. Tenant’s warranties, indemnities, and agreements in this Section
shall survive the expiration or sooner termination of this Lease.
17.

DESTRUCTION AND DAMAGE

A)
Subject to the provision immediately below, in the event of any destruction or damage to
the Leased Premises or Real Property (collectively “Damage”), and if such Damage can be fully repaired
at a cost not exceeding insurance proceeds: (i) Landlord shall repair, restore or reconstruct the damaged
portions of the Leased Premises as soon as commercially reasonable; (ii) Landlord shall be entitled to
receive any and all insurance proceeds paid on account of the Damage; (iii) Rent and any other financial
obligations of Tenant under this Lease shall be abated from the time of such Damage to completion of the
repairs, restoration and reconstruction thereof; and (iv) except as modified by the effect of item (iii) above,
this Lease shall remain in full force and effect. Tenant shall notify Landlord as soon as practicable in the
event of Damage to the Leased Premises or Real Property.
B)
In the event that (i) the Damage cannot be reconstructed or repaired within 120 days after
the date of Damage, or (ii) the Damage cannot be fully repaired at a cost not exceeding the net insurance
proceeds of the insurance required under this Lease, or (iii) if repair or reconstruction of the Leased
Premises or Real Property is not, in Landlord’s sole discretion, economically feasible or advisable, Landlord
may elect either to terminate this Lease by delivering written notice of such termination to Tenant within
thirty (30) days after the date of the Damage.
18.

CONDEMNATION

If, by exercise of the right of eminent domain or by conveyance made in response to the threat of
the exercise of such right (in either case a “Taking”), and so much of the Leased Premises is taken that the
Permitted Use by Tenant is not possible, this Lease will end on the earlier of the vesting of title to the
Leased Premises in the condemning authority, or the taking of possession of the Leased Premises by the
condemning authority (in either case, an “Ending Date”). Landlord shall receive any condemnation award.
19.

EXEMPTION OF LANDLORD FROM LIABILITY

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Landlord shall not be liable for any damage or
injury to the person, business (or any loss of income therefrom), goods, wares, vehicle, merchandise or
other property of Tenant, Tenant’s employees, invitees, customers or any other person in or about the
Leased Premises, whether such damage or injury is caused by or results from: (a) fire, electricity, water,
gas or rain; (b) the breakage, leakage, obstruction or other defects of pipes, sprinklers, wires, or lighting
fixtures or any other cause; (c) conditions arising in or about the Leased Premises or upon other portions of
the Real Property, or from other sources or places; or (d) any act or omission of any other tenant or third
party on the Real Property.
20.

SUBORDINATION & FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

A.
This Lease is subject and subordinate to all existing institutional mortgage, deed of trust
and/or other security agreement (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Mortgage”) which now or will
affect the Leased Premises or any portion thereof, and to all renewals, modifications, consolidations,
replacements and extensions thereof. Such subordination shall be self-operative and require no further
documentation. However, should Landlord or the holder of any Mortgage seek a subordination agreement,
Tenant shall cooperate with Landlord, provided, that Tenant shall not be required to financially obligate
itself to the lender. Tenant, if so requested by Landlord, will subject and subordinate its interest to any

{00391872}

8

such Mortgage. Tenant shall, from time to time, within ten (10) business days after receipt of a request
from Landlord, deliver to Landlord a written statement concerning whether or not: (1) the Lease has been
modified, (2) the Lease is in full force and effect, (3) Rent has been paid to date, and (4) Tenant is aware
of any defaults by Landlord under the terms of this Lease, which written statement shall be in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit E or on such other standard lender form required by Landlord.

B.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section or under New Jersey law,
Tenant hereby attorns and agrees to attorn to any person, firm or corporation purchasing or otherwise
acquiring the Leased Premises or the real property thereunder or any portion thereof at any sale or other
proceeding or pursuant to the exercise of any rights, powers or remedies under such mortgages or deeds
of trust or ground or underlying leases as if such person, firm or corporation had been named as Landlord
herein, provided that the new owner agrees to recognize the terms of the Lease and agrees not to disturb
the Tenant’s possession of the Leased Premises except in accordance with this Lease. Within five (5)
business days of the Commencement Date, or as Landlord may reasonably require throughout the Term
upon written request, Tenant shall execute a subordination, non-disturbance, and attornment agreement
(“SNDA”) in the form of Exhibit F attached hereto, or such form reasonably required by Landlord
C.
If at any time during the Term Tenant’s financial statements cannot be readily obtained
through public filings, then Tenant agrees that within ten (10) business days after Landlord’s written
request, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord the most recent copies of such audited financial statements as are
reasonably required to verify the net worth of Tenant. If no such audited statements have been prepared,
such other true and accurate financial statements as may have been prepared by an independent certified
public accountant or, Tenant’s internally prepared financial statements, prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, as are reasonably required to verify the Tenant’s then current
financial situation (including without limitation balance sheets, statements of profit and loss, and changes
in financial condition). If Tenant is a publicly traded corporation, Tenant may satisfy its obligations
hereunder by providing to Landlord Tenant’s most recent annual and quarterly reports. Any such statement
may be given by Landlord to and relied upon by any Landlord’s mortgagee or prospective purchaser or
encumbrancer of the Property, but non-public disclosures shall otherwise be kept confidential by Landlord.
Tenant represents to Landlord that such financial statements will be true and accurate in all material
respects as of the date of such statement. Landlord represents that all such financial statements shall be
kept confidential and that any third party to which Landlord provides such information will likewise agree
to keep such information confidential.
21.

QUIET ENJOYMENT

Provided that there is no default under this Lease beyond any applicable cure period, Landlord
warrants that Tenant shall at all times during the Lease Term have peaceable and quiet enjoyment and
possession of the Leased Premises without hindrance from Landlord or any person whomsoever, subject,
nevertheless, to any mortgages, agreements, easements, conditions, restrictions, covenants, and
encumbrances to which this Lease is or may be subordinated.
22.

SURRENDER OF LEASED PREMISES & HOLD OVER

A)
On the date on which this Lease expires or terminates, Tenant shall return possession of
the Leased Premises to Landlord vacant and broom-clean, in good condition, with ordinary wear and tear
expected. Prior to the expiration or termination of this Lease, Tenant shall remove from the Leased Premises
all property of Tenant or its permitted assignees or subtenants, including without limitation, all of Tenant’s
personal property, furniture, equipment, decorations, furnishings, non-permanent fixtures, and any other
items the Landlord reasonably determines in review of any improvements made by Tenant to the Leased
Premises. Tenant shall repair any damage resulting from such removal and shall restore the Leased Premises

{00391872}

9

to good order and condition. Any property not removed as required shall be deemed abandoned, and
Landlord, at Tenant’s expense, may remove, store, sell or otherwise dispose of such property in such manner
as Landlord may see fit and/or Landlord may retain such property or sale proceeds as its property. If Tenant
does not return possession of the Leased Premises to Landlord in the condition required under this Lease,
Tenant shall pay Landlord all resulting damages Landlord may suffer. Tenant’s obligations under this
Section shall survive the expiration or sooner termination of the term of this Lease.
B)
Any hold over after the expiration of the Lease Term, without the express written consent
of Landlord, shall constitute a Default and, without limiting Landlord’s remedies provided in this Lease,
such hold over shall be construed to be a tenancy at sufferance, at a rental rate equal to two hundred percent
(200%) of the Rent last due in this Lease and shall otherwise be on the terms and conditions herein specified.
23.

DEFAULT

A.
Events of Default. The occurrence of any one of the following events shall constitute an
event of default on the part of Tenant (“Default” or “Tenant Default”):
(i)
If Tenant fails to make any monetary payment required by the provisions of this Lease after
three (3) calendar days that such payment is due:
(ii)
If Tenant fails within thirty (30) days after written notice to correct any breach or default
of the other covenants, terms, or conditions of this Lease, or in the case of a default which reasonably
requires more than thirty (30) days to cure, if Tenant has not commenced to remedy the same within thirty
(30) days following receipt thereof and be diligently prosecuting such cure, not to exceed ninety (90) days.
B.
Landlord Remedies. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, and to the fullest extent
under applicable law, Landlord shall have the immediate right and option (but not the obligation) to
dispossess Tenant and all other occupants therefrom and remove and dispose of all property therein.
(i) Landlord shall also have the right, in addition to and not in limitation of any other right or
remedy, to terminate Tenant’s right to possession of the Leased Premises by any lawful means, in which
case this Lease shall terminate, and Tenant shall immediately surrender possession of the Leased Premises
to Landlord. In such event, Landlord shall be entitled to recover from Tenant all damages incurred by
Landlord by reason of Tenant’s default, including (i) the worth at the time of the award of the unpaid Rent,
and other charges which Landlord had earned at the time of the termination; (ii) the worth at the time of the
award of the amount by which the unpaid Rent and other charges which Landlord would have earned after
termination until the time of the award exceeds the amount of such rental loss that Tenant proves Landlord
could have reasonably avoided; (iii) the worth at the time of the award of the amount by which the unpaid
Rent, and other charges which Tenant would have paid for the balance of the Lease Term after the time of
award exceeds the amount of such rental loss that Tenant proves Landlord could have reasonably avoided;
and (iv) any other amount necessary to compensate Landlord for all the detriment proximately caused by
Tenant’s failure to perform its obligations under this Lease, including, but not limited to, any costs or
expenses Landlord incurs in maintaining or preserving the Leased Premises after such default and
Landlord’s reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred in connection therewith. As used in subparts (i) and (ii)
above, the “worth at the time of the award” is computed by allowing interest on unpaid amounts at the rate
of ten percent (10%) per annum, or such lesser amount as may be the maximum lawful rate. As used in
subpart (iii) above, the “worth at the time of the award” is computed by discounting such amount at the
discount rate of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco at the time of the award, plus one percent (1%).
(ii) The remedies herein given to Landlord and all rights and remedies given to Landlord by law
and equity shall be cumulative and concurrent. No termination of this Lease or the taking or recovering

{00391872}

10

possession of the Leased Premises shall deprive Landlord of any remedy now or hereafter available to
Landlord under the laws or judicial decisions of the state in which the Leased Premises are located.
24.

NOTICES

A)
All notices or other written communications hereunder are to be in writing and given to
Landlord and Tenant at the address set forth below or at such other address as the parties may hereafter
specify in writing in accordance with this Section.
If to Landlord:

with a copy to:

If to Tenant:

251 MONROE OWNER LLC
c/o Criterion Group
28-18 Steinway Street
Astoria, NY 11103
Attn: Leasing Department
Email: Leasing@criteriongroup.com
Tel: (781) 307-7316
Armstrong Teasdale LLP
Attn: Richard G. Lyons, Esq. & Paige Guarino, Esq.
rlyons@atllp.com
pguarino@atllp.com
On Premises
Dean Mendrys
Deamen311@live.com

B)
All notices will be deemed to have been properly given: (i) upon delivery, if delivered in
person; (ii) upon email transmission, such notice is given on a business day between the hours of 8:30 a.m.
and 5:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, and if not it will be deemed provided on the following business day,
and further, if requested by the receiving party, a copy of any notice given by email transmission is also
subsequently mailed to the receiving party in accordance with the terms herein; (iii) one (1) business day
after having been deposited for overnight delivery with any reputable overnight courier service; or (iv) three
business days after having been deposited with the U.S. Postal Service for delivery by registered or certified
mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, addressed to the Landlord or Tenant respectively at the
addresses set forth above. Either party may specify any address in the United States by giving at least ten
(10) days’ written notice thereof to the other party. Notices may be given on behalf of either party by the
legal representative of such party.
25.

SIGNS

Tenant shall have the privilege, subject to the prior written approval of Landlord, which may be
withheld in Landlord’s reasonable discretion, and to such standards as established by Landlord from time
to time, to place on the Leased Premises, such signs as it deems necessary and proper in the conduct of its
business, provided the Tenant pays all costs associated with the erection, maintenance and operation of any
and all such signs. Any such signage shall at all times comply with all applicable governmental approvals,
codes, and property policies. Tenant agrees to hold Landlord harmless from any and all losses, damages,
claims, suits or actions for any damage or injury to the person or property caused by the erection,
maintenance and operation of such signs or parts thereof, except where due to Landlord’s negligence or
willful misconduct. Tenant shall be solely responsible for the removal of any such signs at the end of the
Term and repair any damage in connection therewith.

{00391872}

11

26.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENTS

This Lease contains the entire agreement of the parties hereto, and no representations, inducements,
promises or agreements, oral or otherwise, between the parties, not embodied herein or therein, shall be of
any force and effect. This Lease shall not be modified, altered, changed or amended except by a writing
executed by Landlord and Tenant.
27.

SEVERABILITY

Each term and provision of this Lease shall be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Should any term or provision of this Lease, or the application thereof, prove illegal or unenforceable, the
remainder of this Lease shall still be valid and enforced.
28.

COUNTERPARTS

This Lease may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute the
agreement of the parties hereto and may be executed by facsimile and other electronic means, including by
.PDF, each of which shall be deemed an original.
29.

GOVERNING LAW

Both parties agree that this Lease and all terms hereof and all matters relating to this Lease are
controlled by the laws where the Real Property is located.
30.

LEGAL COUNSEL

Landlord and Tenant each acknowledge that it has had the opportunity to review this Lease with
legal counsel of its choice, and there will be no presumption that ambiguities will be construed or interpreted
against the drafter.
31.

NO RECORDATION

Neither this Lease, nor any other writing regarding the Lease, shall be recorded without the prior
written consent of both parties, and a recording in violation of this provision shall be an event of default
under the Lease.
32.

SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS

The terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease shall, subject to the provisions as to assignment,
apply to and bind the heirs, successors, executors, administrators and assigns of all of the parties hereto. If
Tenant shall consist of more than one entity or person, the obligations of Tenant under this Lease shall be
joint and several.
33.

LIMITATION ON TENANT’S RECOURSE

In no event shall Landlord ever be liable to Tenant for any indirect or consequential damages
incurred by Tenant resulting from any cause whatsoever. Tenant specifically agrees to look solely to
Landlord’s then equity interest in the Real Property and Leased Premises, or any insurance or sale proceeds
of the Real Property, for recovery of any judgment from Landlord. In no event shall any of the partners,
managers, members, officers, directors, shareholders, representatives or employees acting on behalf of

{00391872}

12

Landlord, or any successor in interest, nor any beneficiary of any Trust of which any person holding
Landlord’s interest as Trustee, be personally liable for any such judgment or claim by Tenant.
34.

ATTORNEYS’ FEES.

If either party hereto fails to perform any of its obligations under this Lease or if any dispute arises
between the parties hereto concerning the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Lease and such
dispute results in legal action, then the party not prevailing in such dispute shall pay all costs and expenses
incurred by the other party, including court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees.
35.

LANDLORD RULES AND REGULATIONS

Tenant shall, after reasonable notice and at all times during the Term and any extension thereof,
comply with all reasonable rules and regulations that may be established by Landlord regarding use of the
Leased Premises and the Real Property.
36.

PERSONAL GUARANTY

This Lease shall be guaranteed by Dean Mendrys, a natural individual (“Guarantor”). As a
condition precedent to the effectiveness of this Lease and Landlord granting to Tenant a leasehold interest
in the Leased Premises, Guarantors shall execute that certain Guaranty attached hereto as Exhibit B, as
incorporated herein. Guarantor and Tenant shall be respectively jointly and severally liable for each and
every obligation of Tenant under this Lease.
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.]

{00391872}

13

Authorized Signatory

EXHIBIT A
LEGAL DESCRIPTION OF REAL PROPERTY

{00391872}

Ex. A

{00391872}

Ex. A

{00391872}

Ex. A

{00391872}

Ex. A

DEPICTION OF THE LEASED PREMISES

{00391872}

Ex. A

C.
The liability of Guarantor under this Guaranty shall be primary, direct and immediate and
not conditional or contingent upon pursuit by Landlord of any remedies it may have against Tenant with
respect to the Lease, whether pursuant to the terms thereof or by law, or dependent upon the validity or
enforceability of the Lease. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Landlord shall not be required
to make any demand on Tenant, or otherwise pursue or exhaust its remedies against Tenant before,
simultaneously with or after enforcing its rights and remedies hereunder against Guarantor. Any one or
more successive and/or concurrent actions and/or proceedings may be brought hereon against Guarantor
either in the same action and/or proceedings, as often as Landlord, in its sole discretion, may deem
advisable.
D.
The Guarantor also agrees that, in any jurisdiction, it will be conclusively bound by the
judgement in any such action by Landlord against Tenant (wherever brought) as if the Guarantor were a
party to such action even though the Guarantor is not joined as a party in such action.
E.
For the duration of the Term and any renewals thereof, Guarantor, as primary obligor,
hereby absolutely, unconditionally, irrevocably guarantees to Landlord the full and faithful performance
and observance by Tenant of all of the terms, covenants, provisions and conditions contained in the Lease
on the part of Tenant to be performed and/or observed, including, without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, (x) the due and punctual payment in full (and not merely the collectability) of all rents, amounts
and obligations due and payable by Tenant under the Lease; (y) the due and punctual performance and/or
observance of all of the other terms, covenants and conditions contained in the Lease on the part of Tenant
to be performed or observed, and (z) the due and punctual payment in full (and not the mere collectability)
of any damages or differences to be paid by Tenant upon or after termination of this Lease by reason of any
default by Tenant.
F.
Guarantor hereby expressly waives for itself: (i) presentment and demand for payment and
protest of non-payment; (ii) notice of acceptance of this Guaranty and of presentment, demand and protest;
(iii) notice of any default hereunder or under the Lease and of all indulgences; (iv) demand for observance
or performance of, or enforcement of, any terms or provisions of this Guaranty or the Lease; and (v) all
other notices and demands otherwise required by law which Guarantor may lawfully waive. Guarantor also
waives trial by jury in any action brought on or with respect to this Guaranty.
G.
If Guarantor shall advance any sums to Tenant or its permitted successors or assigns or if
Tenant shall hereafter become indebted to Guarantor, such sums and indebtedness shall be subordinate in
all respects to the amounts then or thereafter due and owing to Landlord under the Lease. Nothing herein
contained shall be construed to give Guarantor any right of subrogation in and to Landlord’s rights under
or interest in the Lease until all amounts owing to Landlord have been paid in full.
H.
All rights and remedies afforded to Landlord by reason of this Guaranty, and the Lease, or
by law, are separate and cumulative and the exercise of one shall not in any way limit or prejudice the
exercise of any other such rights or remedies. No delay or omission by Landlord in exercising any such
right or remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof. No waiver of any rights and remedies hereunder, and no
modification or amendment hereof, shall be deemed made by Landlord or Guarantor unless in writing and
duly signed by the party to be bound. Any such written waiver shall apply only to the particular instance
specified therein and shall not impair the further exercise of any right or remedy or of any other right or
remedy of Landlord or Guarantor, and no single or partial exercise of any right or remedy hereunder shall
preclude other or further exercise thereof of any other right or remedy.
I.
This Guaranty shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State
of New Jersey applicable to agreements made and to be wholly performed within the State of New Jersey.
In any action brought under or arising out of this Guaranty, Guarantor hereby consents to the jurisdiction

{00391872}

Ex. B

of any competent court within the State of New Jersey, including, without limitation, federal courts of the
United States of America.

J.

This Guaranty shall inure to the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, Landlord and its
successors and assigns and shall be binding upon, and enforceable against, Guarantor, its heirs, executors,
representatives, successors and assigns. As used in this Guaranty, the term “Landlord” shall be deemed to
include any assignee of Landlord’s interest in the Lease and this Guaranty.

K.
Guarantor warrants and represents to Landlord that (i) this Guaranty has been voluntarily,
knowingly and competently entered into by Guarantor, (ii) this Guaranty represents the valid and binding
obligation of Guarantor and is enforceable against Guarantor in accordance with its terms, and (iii)
Guarantor is the Principal of Tenant.
L.
All capitalized terms used in this Agreement not otherwise defined herein shall have the
meaning ascribed to them in the Lease.
(SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS)

{00391872}

Ex. B

EXHIBIT C
NONE

{00391872}

Ex. C

EXHIBIT D
NONE

{00391872}

Ex. C-1

EXHIBIT E
ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE
Date:_____________________
____________________________, as administrative agent on behalf of the lenders, and lenders
and any of their affiliates, successors, and assigns
[Address]
[Address]

Re:

Landlord: 251 MONROE OWNER LLC
Tenant: FDR HITCHES LLC
Leased Premises: As more particularly described in the Lease
Property: 251 Monroe Avenue, Kenilworth, New Jersey

Ladies and Gentlemen:
We understand that a mortgage loan (the “Loan”) is being made to Landlord to be secured by a
mortgage/deed of trust on the Property. In conjunction with the Loan, Landlord will be making an
assignment of rents and leases with respect to all leased space on the Property. Further, we
understand that this agreement and certification by the undersigned is required by Lender as a
condition to making the Loan.
At the request of Landlord, the undersigned hereby certifies and agrees as follows recognizing that
_______________________________ and its affiliates, successors, assigns and participants,
including any direct or indirect holder of the Loan (collectively, “Lender”), will rely on the
information contained herein:
(i)
The undersigned leases the Leased Premises from Landlord pursuant to a
lease agreement, a true, correct and complete copy of which, including any and all amendments,
is attached to this letter as Exhibit A (as amended, the “Lease”). There have been no amendments,
modifications or revisions to the Lease, and there are no agreements of any kind between Landlord
and Tenant regarding the Leased Premises, except as provided in Exhibit A and as detailed in this
certification.
(ii)
The Lease is dated _____________ and covers the Leased Premises which
consist of ____________ square feet at the Property. The initial term of the Lease commenced on
__________, ___, and will expire on __________, ____, exclusive of unexercised renewal options
and extension options. Tenant has the following renewal options, if any:
___________________________________________________. Tenant has no early termination
rights except for: _____________________________________.

The Lease is in full force and effect and has not been amended, modified,
supplemented or superseded, and constitutes the entire agreement between the undersigned and
Landlord with respect to the Leased Premises. There is no other agreement (except for the
(iii)

{00391872}

Ex. E

agreements contained herein) between the undersigned and the Landlord with respect to the Leased
Premises or any other space at the Property.
Neither the undersigned nor the Landlord is in default under the Lease and
there are no existing circumstances which with the passage of time, or notice, or both, would give
rise to a default under the Lease. There is no defense, offset, claim or counterclaim by or in favor
of the undersigned against Landlord under the Lease or against the obligations of the undersigned
under the Lease.
(iv)

The undersigned has not received notice and is not aware of any prior
transfer, assignment, hypothecation or pledge by Landlord or of any of Landlord’s interest in the
Lease or the Property, except to Lender in connection with the Loan.
(v)

(vi)
The monthly Fixed Rent of $_____________ due under the Lease has been
paid through ______________, ____ and all additional rent due under the Lease has been paid
through _______________, ____. Landlord holds a security deposit in the amount of
$____________. No rent abatements are currently in effect.
(vii)
There are no actions, voluntary or otherwise, pending or, to the best
knowledge of the undersigned, threatened against the undersigned under the bankruptcy,
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws of the United States, any state thereof or any other
jurisdiction.

The undersigned has accepted possession, taken occupancy of, and is
conducting operations at and paying rent with respect to the Leased Premises. The undersigned
has not assigned, sublet, pledged, mortgaged, transferred or otherwise conveyed all or a portion of
its interest in the Lease.
(viii)

All work to be performed by Landlord under the Lease has been completed
in accordance with the Lease and has been accepted by the undersigned and all reimbursements
and allowances due to the undersigned under the Lease in connection with any work have been
paid in full.
(ix)

(x)
The undersigned has no option or right to purchase the property of which
the Leased Premises are a part, or any part thereof.
(xi)
The undersigned has not received any concession (rental or otherwise) in
connection with renting the Property except as follows: __________________________. As of
the date hereof, Tenant has no existing right to free rent, partial rent, rent rebate, credit for
improvements, rent abatement, or other rental concessions or any right to payments from Landlord
to Tenant, except as follows: __________________________.

The undersigned has received no notice from any insurance company of any
defects or inadequacies in the Property, or any part thereof, which would adversely affect the
insurability of the Property.
(xii)

Notwithstanding any subordination of the Lease under the terms thereof, in
the event that Lender or any other party succeeds to the rights of Landlord under the Lease
(xiii)

{00391872}

Ex. E

(“Successor Landlord”), whether through foreclosure, the acceptance of a deed in lieu of
foreclosure or any possession, surrender, assignment, judicial action or any other action taken by
Lender, then the undersigned agrees that: (i) upon the request and at the election of Successor
Landlord, it shall attorn to, and be liable to and recognize Successor Landlord as the landlord under
the Lease for the balance of the term of the Lease upon and subject to all the terms and conditions
of the Lease; (ii) thereafter, it shall make payments of rent (minimum, basic, percentage, additional
or otherwise) to Successor Landlord, and otherwise perform all of the undersigned’s obligations
set forth in the Lease; (iii) Successor Landlord shall be responsible only for the performance of
those of Landlord’s obligations to be performed during the period of Successor Landlord’s
ownership and shall not be responsible for the return of any security deposit which was not
delivered to Successor Landlord by Landlord or the undersigned; (iv) Successor Landlord will not
be bound by any cancellation of or any amendment to the Lease entered into after the date hereof
which is not approved by Successor Landlord; and (v) the undersigned shall look solely to
Successor Landlord’s interest in the Property for recovery of any judgment, it being specifically
agreed that neither Lender, Successor Landlord, nor anyone claiming under Lender or Successor
Landlord, shall ever by personally liable for any such judgment. The undersigned shall also notify
Lender of any default by Landlord under the Lease which would entitle the undersigned to cancel
the Lease, and agrees that, notwithstanding any provisions of the Lease to the contrary, no notice
of cancellation thereof shall be effective unless Lender shall have received notice of default giving
rise to such cancellation and shall have failed within sixty (60) days after receipt of such notice to
cure such default, or if such default cannot be cured within sixty (60) days, shall have failed within
sixty (60) days after receipt of such notice to commence and thereafter diligently pursue any action
necessary to cure such default.
(xiv) The agreements and certifications set forth herein are made with the
knowledge and intent that they be binding upon the undersigned, its successors and assigns, and
that Lender will rely on them in making the Loan.

TENANT:
FDR HITCHES LLC
a New Jersey limited liability company

By: _______________________________________
Name: ____________________________________
Title: _____________________________________

{00391872}

Ex. E

Exhibit A
LEASE

{00391872}

Ex. E

EXHIBIT F
SUBORDINATION, NON-DISTURBANCE, & ATTORNMENT AGREEMENT
THIS
SUBORDINATION,
NON-DISTURBANCE
AND
ATTORNMENT
AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is made as of the ________ day of _____, 202_ by and between
________________________, a ___________ limited liability company (together with its
successors and assigns “Lender”), having an address at __________________________________,
and FDR HITCHES LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company, having an address at
______________________________________________ (“Tenant”).
RECITALS:
A.
Tenant is the holder of a leasehold estate (the “Leased Premises” in a portion of the
property described on Exhibit A (the “Property”) under and pursuant to the provisions of a certain
lease between 251 MONROE OWNER LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as landlord
(“Landlord”) and Tenant, as tenant (the “Lease”);
B.
The Property is or is to be encumbered by one or more mortgages, deeds of trust,
deeds to secure debt or similar security agreements (collectively, the “Security Instrument”) in
favor of or to be assigned to Lender; and
C.
Tenant has agreed to subordinate the Lease to the Security Instrument and to the
lien thereof and Lender has agreed to grant non-disturbance to Tenant under the Lease on the terms
and conditions hereinafter set forth.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the Recitals set forth above and the mutual
promises, covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto promise, covenant and
agree as follows:
1.
Subordination. The Lease shall be subject and subordinate in all respects to the
lien and terms of the Security Instrument, to any and all advances to be made thereunder and
to all renewals, modifications, consolidations, replacements and extensions thereof.
2.
Nondisturbance. So long as Tenant pays all rents and other charges as specified
in the Lease and is not otherwise in default (beyond applicable notice and cure periods) of any
of its obligations and covenants pursuant to the Lease, Lender agrees for itself and its successors
in interest and for any purchaser of the Property upon a foreclosure of the Security Instrument,
that Tenant’s possession of the premises as described in the Lease will not be disturbed during
the term of the Lease, as said term may be extended pursuant to the terms of the Lease or as
said premises may be expanded as specified in the Lease, by reason of a foreclosure. For
purposes of this agreement, a “foreclosure” shall include (but not be limited to) a sheriff’s or

{00391872}

Ex. E

trustee’s sale under the power of sale contained in the Security Instrument, the termination of
any superior lease of the Property and any other transfer of Landlord’s interest in the Property
under peril of foreclosure, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, an
assignment or sale in lieu of foreclosure.
3.
Attornment. Tenant agrees to attorn to, accept and recognize any person or
entity which acquires the Property through a foreclosure (an “Acquiring Party”) as the
landlord under the Lease for the then remaining balance of the term of the Lease, and any
extensions thereof as made pursuant to the Lease. The foregoing provision shall be selfoperative and shall not require the execution of any further instrument or agreement by
Tenant as a condition to its effectiveness. Tenant agrees, however, to execute and deliver, at
any time and from time to time, upon the request of Lender or any Acquiring Party any
reasonable instrument which may be necessary or appropriate to evidence such attornment.
4.
No Liability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in
the Lease, it is specifically understood and agreed that neither Lender, any receiver nor any
Acquiring Party shall be:
(a)
liable for any act, omission, negligence or default of any prior landlord (other than to cure
defaults of a continuing nature with respect to the maintenance or repair of the demised premises or the
Property); provided, however, that any acquiring Party shall be liable and responsible for the performance
of all covenants and obligations of landlord under the Lease accruing from and after the date that it takes
title to the Property; or
(b)
except as set forth in (a), above, liable for any failure of any prior landlord to construct
any improvements;
(c)
subject to any offsets, credits, claims or defenses which Tenant might have against any
prior landlord; or
(d)
bound by any rent or additional rent which is payable on a monthly basis and which
Tenant might have paid for more than one (1) month in advance to any prior landlord; or

(e)
bound by any cancellation, surrender, amendment or modification of the
Lease or release of liability thereunder not expressly consented to in writing by Lender or
otherwise permitted by the Security Instrument in each instance; or
(f)
be liable to Tenant hereunder or under the terms of the Lease beyond its
interest in the Property.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant reserves its rights to any and all claims or causes of
action against such prior landlord for prior losses or damages and against the successor landlord

{00391872}

Ex. E

for all losses or damages arising from and after the date that such successor landlord takes title to
the Property.
5.
Rent. Tenant has notice that the Lease and the rents and all other sums due
thereunder have been assigned to Lender as security for the loan secured by the Security
Instrument. In the event Lender notifies Tenant of the occurrence of a default under the
Security Instrument and demands that Tenant pay its rents and all other sums due or to become
due under the Lease directly to Lender, Tenant shall honor such demand and pay its rent and
all other sums due under the Lease directly to Lender or as otherwise authorized in writing by
Lender. Landlord hereby irrevocably authorizes Tenant to make the foregoing payments to
Lender upon such notice and demand.
6.
Lender to Receive Notices. Tenant shall notify Lender of any default by
Landlord under the Lease which would entitle Tenant to cancel the Lease, and agrees that,
notwithstanding any provisions of the Lease to the contrary, no notice of cancellation thereof
shall be effective unless Lender shall have received notice of default giving rise to such
cancellation and shall have failed within sixty (60) days after receipt of such notice to cure
such default, or if such default cannot be cured within sixty (60) days, shall have failed within
sixty (60) days after receipt of such notice to commence and thereafter diligently pursue any
action necessary to cure such default.
7.
Notices. All notices or other written communications hereunder shall be
deemed to have been properly given (i) upon delivery, if delivered in person with receipt
acknowledged by the recipient thereof, (ii) one (1) Business Day (hereinafter defined) after
having been deposited for overnight delivery with any reputable overnight courier service, or
(iii) three (3) Business Days after having been deposited in any post office or mail depository
regularly maintained by the U.S. Postal Service and sent by registered or certified mail, postage
prepaid, return receipt requested, addressed to the receiving party at its address set forth above,
and:
if to Tenant, to

FDR HITCHES LLC
____________________________________
____________________________________
Attention: ___________________________; and

if to Lender:

____________________________________
____________________________________
____________________________________

{00391872}

Ex. E

Attention: ___________________________
Email: ______________________________
with a copy to:

____________________________________
____________________________________
____________________________________
Attention: ___________________________
Email: ______________________________

or addressed as such party may from time to time designate by written notice to the other
parties. For purposes of this Paragraph 7, the term “Business Day” shall mean any day other than
Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which banks are required or authorized to close in Chicago,
Illinois.

Either party by notice to the other may designate additional or different addresses for
subsequent notices or communications.
8.
Successors. The obligations and rights of the parties pursuant to this Agreement
shall bind and inure to the benefit of the successors, assigns, heirs and legal representatives of
the respective parties.
9.
Duplicate Originals; Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any
number of duplicate originals and each duplicate original shall be deemed to be an original.
This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which counterparts shall be
deemed an original instrument and all of which together shall constitute a single Agreement.
The failure of any party hereto to execute this Agreement, or any counterpart hereof, shall not
relieve the other signatories from their obligations hereunder.

[Signature Page Follows]

{00391872}

Ex. E

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Lender and Tenant have duly executed this Agreement as
of the date first above written.

LENDER:
_____________________________________,
a ________________ limited liability company

By: _________________________________
Name:
Title

TENANT:
FDR HITCHES LLC,
a New Jersey limited liability company

By: ______________________________________
Name:
Title:

The undersigned accepts and agrees to
the provisions of Paragraph 5:
LANDLORD:
251 MONROE OWNER LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company
By: ______________________________________
Name:
Title:

{00391872}

Signature Page to SNDA

LENDER’S ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
STATE OF _________
COUNTY OF ________

)
) SS.
)

I, _____________, a Notary Public in and for said County, in the State aforesaid, DO HEREBY CERTIFY
that ________________, personally known to me to be the ____________ of _________________________, a
____________ limited liability company, whose name is subscribed to the within instrument, appeared before me
this day in person and acknowledged that, in such capacity, (s)he signed and delivered the said Instrument of
writing as _________ of said _________________, as his/her free and voluntary act and as the free and voluntary
act and deed of said entity for the uses and purposes therein set forth.
GIVEN under my hand and Notarial Seal this day of _____________, 2___.
_______________________________
Notary Public
My Commission expires: _________________________________

TENANT’S ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
STATE OF _________
COUNTY OF _______

)
) SS.
)

I, _____________, a Notary Public in and for said County, in the State aforesaid, DO HEREBY CERTIFY
that ________________, personally known to me to be the ____________ of _____________________, a
___________________________, whose name is subscribed to the within instrument, appeared before me this
day in person and acknowledged that, in such capacity, (s)he signed and delivered the said Instrument of writing
as his/her free and voluntary act and as the free and voluntary act and deed of said entity, for the uses and purposes
therein set forth.
GIVEN under my hand and Notarial Seal this day of _____________, 2___.
_______________________________
Notary Public
My Commission expires: _________________________________

{00391872}

Signature Page to SNDA

LANDLORD’S ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
STATE OF _________
COUNTY OF _______

)
) SS.
)

I, _____________, a Notary Public in and for said County, in the State aforesaid, DO HEREBY CERTIFY
that ________________, personally known to me to be the ____________ of __________________________, a
_____________ limited liability company, whose name is subscribed to the within instrument, appeared before
me this day in person and acknowledged that, in such capacity, (s)he signed and delivered the said Instrument of
writing as his/her free and voluntary act and as the free and voluntary act and deed of said entity for the uses and
purposes therein set forth.
GIVEN under my hand and Notarial Seal this day of _____________, 2_____.
_______________________________
Notary Public
My Commission expires: _________________________________

{00391872}

Signature Page to SNDA

EXHIBIT A
Legal Description of the Property

{00391872}

Ex. F

{00391872}

Rider 1

{00391872}

Rider 1

{00391872}

Rider 1

RIDER 1
LETTER OF CREDIT CRITERIA
1.

The letter of credit shall be clean, irrevocable and unconditional.

2.
The letter of credit shall be in the amount specified in Section 5 of the Lease, entitled
“Security Deposit”.
3.

The letter of credit shall be issued in favor of:
251 Monroe Owner LLC
c/o Criterion Group
28-18 Steinway Street
Astoria, NY 111034.

4.

The letter of credit shall be effective immediately on its issuance.

5.
The letter of credit shall be issued by a national bank which is a member of the New York
Clearing House and which has a banking office dedicated to the administration and payment of letters of
credit in a location approved by Landlord. The issuing bank must have been assigned by (a) Standard &
Poors Investor Services a Counterparty Credit Rating of BBB+ or better, and/or (b) a BauerFinancial Star
Rating of 3.5 stars or better. The identity of the issuing bank and of any confirming bank shall be reasonably
satisfactory to Landlord.
6.
The letter of credit shall have an expiration date no earlier than the first anniversary of the
date of its issuance and shall provide for its automatic renewal from year to year unless terminated by the
issuing bank by notice to Landlord given not less than sixty (60) days prior to its expiration date. Notice to
Landlord shall be in writing, made by (i) United States Postal Service, certified mail, return receipt
requested; or (ii) reputable express or courier service. Notice to Landlord shall be addressed to the following
parties:
251 Monroe Owner LLC
c/o Criterion Group
28-18 Steinway Street
Astoria, NY 11103
Attn: Accounting Department
Email: Leasing@criteriongroup.com
And to:
Armstrong Teasdale LLP
Attn: Richard G. Lyons, Esq. & Paige Guarino, Esq.
rlyons@atllp.com
pguarino@atllp.com
7.
The final expiration date of the letter of credit and all renewals of it shall be no earlier than
sixty (60) days following the end of the Lease Term.
8.
The letter of credit may be drawn at the designated banking office specified in the letter of
credit of the issuing bank. The letter of credit shall allow for draws to be made at sight on a draft drawn by
251 Monroe Owner LLC, or any officer of either Criterion Group, or by facsimile at the facsimile number
set forth therein, and the issuing bank will determine honor or dishonor on the basis of presentation by

{00391872}

Rider 1

facsimile alone, and will not require the examination of originals. The draft shall be approved as to form
by Landlord.
9.
The letter of credit must allow for one draw in the whole amount or multiple partial draws.
Landlord shall not be required to deliver any certificate, affidavit or other writing to the issuer expressing
the basis for the draw as a condition to any draw.
10.
by Tenant.

The letter of credit shall be transferable and any applicable transfer fees shall by paid for

11.
The letter of credit shall provide the address of the issuing bank for sending notices after
its issuance and that Beneficiary shall only be required to submit a notice letter to issuing bank at the address
specified therein for any change of address of the Beneficiary.
12.
The letter of credit shall provide that if the original letter of credit is lost, stolen or destroyed
while in the Landlord’s possession, then issuing bank shall provide Landlord with a duplicate original of
the letter of credit upon presentation of a copy of the letter of credit and signed original of an affidavit of
lost letter of credit in the form attached to the letter of credit.
13.
The letter of credit shall be governed by the International Standby Practices (ISP 98
published by the International Chamber of Commerce.
14.
Issuer shall waive all waiting periods whether under Uniform Commercial Code Section
5-112 or otherwise.
15.
The letter of credit shall otherwise be in such form and shall be subject to such requirements
as Landlord may reasonably require.

{00391872}

Rider 1

