Harbor Consultants, Inc.
Engineers, Planners & Surveyors
320 North Avenue East
Cranford, NJ 07016
Tel (907) 276-2715
Fax (908) 709-1738

January 12, 2026
Mr. Richard Picerno, Chairman
Kenilworth Joint Planning\Zoning Board
Borough Hall
567 Boulevard
Kenilworth, NJ 07033

Re: Resolution Compliance
251 Monroe Owner, LLC
251 Monroe Avenue
Block 6, Lots 1.01 and 1.03, Block 23, Lot 2, Block 24, Lot 1 and Block 62, Lot 1
Kenilworth, NJ

Dear Mr. Chairman and Members of the Board:
The Applicant has submitted the following items to the Borough in response to the Board Hearing on
May 27, 2025 with revised plans dated November 11, 2025. Below is our comments from our review
letter dated July 1, 2025 for resolution compliance and the status of each item.

Site Plan:
1. The site presently has multiple buildings and storage areas for various uses. For the Bus
Parking area, the Applicant is proposing to remove several buildings in order to add
bus/employee parking.
Information only. No response needed.
2. The Applicant is proposing seventy-seven (77) bus parking spots measuring 12’ x 40’,
twenty-four (24) bus parking spots measuring 12’ x 25’ and sixteen (16) regular parking
spaces. One space is ADA van accessible.
Information only. No response needed.
3. The Applicant shall provide testimony on the operations, number of employees, number of
vehicles that will be kept on site as well as hours of operations.

Testimony was provided at the Board Hearing.
4. The Applicant shall provide testimony on the existing building to remain and the
operations, storage of material within for the maintenance of the vehicles.
Testimony was provided at the Board Hearing.
5. The Applicant shall provide testimony on the type of material they are proposing to store
outside in the area designated as Outdoor Storage #14.
Testimony was provided at the Board Hearing.
6. The Applicant shall add a note that any non-improved areas of the site in disrepair in the
area of disturbance to be repaired.
Note 33 for aforementioned comment has been added to Sheet 3. Satisfied.
7. An As-Built Survey shall be provided upon completion of all site improvements.
Note 34 for aforementioned comment has been added to Sheet 3. Satisfied.
8. The Applicant has submitted Architectural plans for this project. The Applicant shall
provide testimony on the improvements to Building #33 and if there is going to be any
exterior changes to the facade. Further, the Applicant shall provide a colored rendering of
Building #33 as it appears that new garage doors will b installed.
Testimony was provided at the Board Hearing.
Grading, Utilities & Stormwater
1. The Applicant is proposing pervious pavement which will be used a stormwater quality
and quantity. There is no proposed increase in runoff under their hydrograph calculation
between post and pre development condition. The system will remove TSS (total
suspended solids) from runoff in this area.
Information only. No response needed.
2. The Applicant shall add roof drain locations for the existing buildings adjacent to the to
the proposed pervious pavement. The Applicant shall provide testimony if the current roof
leaders currently discharges towards the pervious pavement area and if they do not, we
recommend they be connected.
It was unclear if the roof drains were unconnected and discharged into the existing
surfaces. The existing roof drains connect to the existing storm sewer system which
is acceptable. Satisfied.

3. Oil water separators are recommended upstream of both the existing inlets the stormwater
pipe connect to. Details for same shall be provided.
Sumps have been added to the outlet control structures on Sheet 7 with details on
Sheet 13. Satisfied.
4. The Stormwater Manager report makes reference to percolation rates above 6.5 inches per
hour. Please provide the soil log reports and locations.
The Applicant has provided information that the 6.5 inches per hour refers to the
required percolation rate of the pervious pavement. Satisfied.
5. The Applicant has received a NJDEP approval for Flood Hazard Area Verification and
Flood Hard Area Individual Permit for this project. It references the Grading, Utility &
Drainage Plan is included.
Information only. No response needed.
6. The Applicant shall provide an Operations & Maintenance Manual for this project. One
shall be kept on site.
An Operations & Maintenance Manual has been provided. Satisfied.
7. The Applicant agrees to allow the Borough to do routine inspections of the pervious
pavement/outfalls as part of the required by the New Jersey Department Environmental
Protection MS4 (Municipal Stormwater Permit) stormwater conveyance and outfalls.
Information only. No response needed.
Landscaping & Lighting
1. A lighting plan has been provided for the area of the disturbance, and it does not appear
that any neighbors will be impacted as the site abuts the Rahway River.
Information only. No response needed.
2. No landscaping is proposed. The northing part of the property where the area of
disturbance is located fronts along the Rahway River tributary.
Information only. No response needed.
3. The Applicant shall provide testimony if the lighting will be on timers for all the existing
and proposed light fixtures.
Note 2 on Sheet 8 has been added stating that timers will be placed on the lights to
shut off at 8 PM. Satisfied.

Traffic
1. Mr. Lee Klein, PE., will address the traffic engineering for this project under separate
cover.
Mr. Klein has issued a new letter. See attached. Satisfied.
Miscellaneous:
1. Additional comments may be presented pending receipt of the revised plans and reports.
Any resubmission of revised plans and reports shall include a point by point response letter
addressing all comments.
The Applicant has provided a point by point response letter. Satisfied.
2. A cost estimate shall be provided for the purposes of bonding and inspection.
The Applicant must post inspection fees with the Borough of Kenilworth prior to
beginning of any on-site construction activities. A Cost Estimate was calculated by
Dynamic Engineering for on-site improvement costs. The estimated construction amount
is $524,480.00. An initial cash escrow deposit of $26,224 (5%) of the estimated
construction cost, is required for inspection fees.

3. The Applicant shall apply for all necessary Local approvals including (Board of Health,
Fire & Police) and provide copies of same to the Borough. Additional, permits may include
but not limited to:
•
•
•
•

Somerset Union Soil Conservation District
Kenilworth Building Department
Public Service Electric & Gas Co.
Water Company
Copies of approvals from Somerset Union Soil Conservation District has been submitted.
Satisfied.

4. The Applicant shall arrange a pre-construction meeting with the Construction Official
prior to start of construction.

.
The Applicant has addressed the Resolution Compliance for Engineering and we deemed this
submission COMPLETE

If there any questions about this letter, please contact Christian Cueto of my office to further
discuss.
Sincerely,

Victor E. Vinegra, PE, PP, PLS
Municipal Engineer
Cc:

251 Monroe Owner, LLC, Applicant
Lawrence A. Calli, Esq, Applicant’s Attorney
Doug Hanley, Applicant’s Engineer
Kenilworth Board Members

156 Walker Road
West Orange, NJ 07052
973-985-3464
leekleintraffic@gmail.com
May 14, 2025
Revised: May 28, 2025
Revised: January 12, 2026
Mr. Richard Picerno, Chairman
Kenilworth Joint Planning/Zoning Board
Borough Hall
Kenilworth, NJ 07033
Wanda Grimaldi VIA EMAIL: planning@kenilworthnj.org
Kathi Moschitta VIA EMAIL: deputyclerk@kenilworthnj.org
Christian Cueto VIA EMAIL: christianc@hcicg.net
Re:

Traffic Engineering Evaluation
Post Testimony
All-Way Stop Control Evaluation
Proposed Bus Depot
251 Monroe Avenue, Kenilworth, Union County, NJ

Dear Chairman Picerno:
I reviewed the following documents related to the above referenced site plan application
before the Kenilworth Joint Planning/Zoning Board of Adjustment:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

The Applicant’s site plan dated/revised 03/26/25, revised 12/29/25, prepared by
Dynamic Engineering
The Applicant’s Circulation and Parking Assessment report, dated March 28, 2025,
prepared by Dynamic Traffic
The Operations of Applicant’s tenant (Durham School Services LP)
All-Way Stop Control Evaluation, Monroe Avenue & North 8th Street, dated November
11, 2025, revised December 19, 2025, prepared by Dynamic Traffic
Figure A – Bus Route Map, dated 1/5/2026
Figure B – Truck Route Sign Exhibit, dated 1/12/2026
Response to Comments letter, dated January 2, 2026, prepared by Dynamic Traffic

I offer the following comments for the Board’s consideration: I listened to the testimony of the
Applicant’s experts on May 27, 2025. I have added follow up comments to my original
comments. I have added follow up comments to my May 28, 2025 comments.

Page 1 of 5

1. The Applicant’s Table 1 Peak Hour Vehicular Trip Generation shows the anticipated
number of peak hour trips, which are greater than 100 peak hour trips. The Applicant
describes the time of the anticipated trips in and out of their site, which further
distributes the peak hour trips over more than one hour. The Applicant also takes
"credit" for the reduction in peak hour trips generated by removing 72,222 SF of
industrial use. With that “credit”, the increase in peak hour trip generation is less than
the industry standard (100 or more peak hour trips); therefore, a Traffic Impact Study is
not required. Also, the site-generated trips will be dispersed over several hours and
some of their arrival or departure times do not coincide with the typical 7 AM to 9 AM
and 4 PM to 6 PM peak commuting periods. However, if the 72,222 SF industrial
building has been closed for more than 1 year, then in my opinion, this site should be
treated like a "virgin" site. If that is the case, the Applicant should perform a Traffic
Impact Study (TIS) by collecting intersection traffic counts and analyzing the intersection
of Monroe Avenue with North 8th Street. According to their Table 1, their new trips are
109 trips during the weekday AM and 114 trips during the PM peak hour, which would
require a Traffic Impact Study. The Applicant agreed to study the intersection of
Monroe Avenue with North 8th Street for necessary operational improvements,
including but not limited to a multiway STOP-control. The Applicant shall follow the
Manual of Uniform Traffic Control Devices (MUTCD) in studying this intersection. The
Applicant shall request the crash reports from the Borough Clerk/Police Department for
the most recent 12 months. The Applicant provided an analysis of the intersection of
Monroe Avenue with North 8th Street. While Warrants B (sight distance obstructions)
and E. c. (pedestrian and bicycle volumes) were met, Dynamic Traffic does not
recommend an All-Way Stop control. Dynamic Traffic recommends 1) trim vegetation
within ROW to minimize sight line obstruction, 2) add pedestrian crosswalk at the
exiting curb ramps, and 3) refresh existing intersection striping (stop bar and
centerlines). Dynamic Traffic concludes “all-way stop control is not the recommended
treatment for the intersection given the low number of traffic utilizing the intersection
and favorable levels of service identified. The other recommendations contained
herein should be considered to improve the safety of the intersection, without
introducing new stop conditions for the Monroe Avenue approaches.” Based on the
data presented by Dynamic Traffic, Klein Traffic agrees with these conclusions and
recommendations.
2. Table 4 is entitled “Parker Avenue & Highland Avenue/Burroughs Way” and should be
corrected to “Monroe Avenue & North 8th Street”. Comment addressed.

Page 2 of 5

3. The Circulation and Parking Assessment states: “Any drivers/aides who drive to the site
will park in their corresponding bus space while the bus is in use. Upon return, cars are
replaced with the buses before the drivers/aides leave the site. It is our understanding
that this is the typical industry practice. The Applicant shall explain this process in more
detail. How can a bus driver park their personal car in their bus space if their bus is
occupying that space? It seems that at least one empty space must be available for the
driver to park their car and then move their bus. A bus driver will stop their personal car
in the drive aisle, move their bus out of the parking space, and park their personal car in
the bus parking space. If a bus aide drives a car to the site, they will be able to park
their personal car in tandem with the bus driver’s car in the bus parking space.
4. According to eCode360 for Kenilworth, section 190-40 Schedule VIII: Routes for Trucks
Over 7,800 Pounds, near the subject site, Monroe Avenue (entre length), North 14th
Street (between Monroe Avenue and Springfield Road), Springfield Road (entire length),
Michigan Avenue (entire length), and Boulevard (entire length) are designated trucks
routes. The Applicant shall agree not to use North 14th Street south of Monroe Avenue,
unless it is part of a local school bus route. The Applicant states in their Circulation and
Parking Assessment report: “Notably, North 8th Street is designated as a truck route
between Boulevard and Monroe Avenue”. North 8th Street between Boulevard and
Monroe Avenue is listed under section 190-40 Schedule VII as a route for trucks over
7,800 pounds. There is also a “TRUCK ROUTE” sign posted on northbound North 8th
Street just north of Boulevard. There is a weight limitation of 4 tons posted on
northbound North 8th Street just north of Monroe Avenue.
5. The Applicant shall provide a map showing the intended routes of the buses between
the subject property and the Borough limits. Testimony was previously provided at the
May 27, 2025 Planning Board meeting regarding the bus routes, whereas it was
stipulated that buses will be directed to only utilize the Borough approved truck routes
as outlined in the Ordinance. A map indicating the bus routes and Borough approved
truck routes (Figure A – Bus Route Map) is included with their most recent
resubmission. Comment addressed.

Page 3 of 5

6. The Applicant should assess the existing designated truck route signage and show them
on a map. Missing truck route signs should be installed and faded truck route signs
should be upgraded. The Applicant agreed to replace/install the TRUCK ROUTE sign on
Monroe Avenue eastbound at the intersection of North 8th Street with Monroe Avenue
and to install a TRUCK ROUTE sign on eastbound Monroe Avenue at 14th Street directing
trucks to continue eastbound (straight) or travel north (left turn). Testimony was
previously provided at the May 27, 2025 Planning Board meeting regarding the truck
route signage, whereas the applicant agreed to replace the existing sign for the
eastbound approach of Monroe Avenue at its intersection with North 8th Street.
Figure B – Truck Route Sign Exhibit shows the locations of proposed TRUCK ROUTE
signs to indicate the truck routes, continue along Monroe Avenue eastbound or turn
right onto North 8th Street towards Boulevard and eastbound approach of Monroe
Avenue at its intersection with North 14th Street, which will direct buses/trucks to
either continue along Monroe Avenue towards Michigan Avenue or turn left onto
North 14th Street towards Route 22 in accordance with the Borough approved truck
routes. Additionally, the applicant has agreed to install these new truck route signs.
Comment addressed.
7. The Applicant’s vehicle turning templates should continue to Monroe Avenue through
the intersection with North 8th Street. The vehicle turning templates (12/29/25 plan
set sheets 14, 15, and 16) have been revised to include the intersection of Monroe
Street and North 8th Street. Comment addressed.
8. If the intended route of a bus is not part of the designated truck route for trucks over
7,800 pounds, the Applicant shall provide turning templates at the intersections where a
bus would turn along the intended route. As described above, and as previously
testified to at the May 27, 2025 Planning Board meeting, all buses will be directed to
only utilize the Borough approved truck routes. These Bus Routes that coincide with
the Borough Approved Truck Routes are shown on Figure A – Bus Route Map. These
bus routes include Monroe Avenue between the subject site and North 11th Street,
North 11th Street between Monroe Avenue and Route 22, North 8th Street between
Monroe Avenue and Boulevard, and Boulevard between eastern limits of the Borough
and the western limits of the Borough. Thus, no additional intersection turning
templates are required. Comment addressed.
9. The Applicant shall provide testimony regarding the traffic control and right-of-way
controls at the intersection of subject property’s driveway with the driveway of the
adjacent property. Testimony was previously provided at the May 27, 2025, Land Use
Board meeting regarding traffic control measures at the intersection of the two
driveways.

Page 4 of 5

I conducted a field visit on Monday, May 12 during the weekday PM peak period of the
proposed project. I observed several full-sized and half-sized school buses marked “Durham
School Services” enter the subject property. I also noticed many school buses parked within
the subject property. Upon further investigation, Google aerial photographs show school buses
parked on site and “Durham School Services” is pinned to the site as “251 Monroe Ave,
Kenilworth” with their website “durhamschoolservices.com”. In a Google street view image
dated August 2018, the school buses were not present.
I also noted the presence of Amazon trailers parked in the portion of the property adjacent to
North 8th Street. In a Google street view image dated June 2022, the Amazon trailers are not
present.
The owner should explain the current use of the property.
I reserve the right to make additional comments at the public hearing on May 27, 2025. The
Applicant has satisfactorily addressed the comments in this letter. There are no outstanding
traffic engineering issues. Please contact me if you have any questions.
Very truly yours,

Lee D. Klein, P.E., PTOE
NJPE 24GE03710400
PTOE Certification 1627

https://d.docs.live.net/aea953f91575cccf/Documents/WORK/Kenilworth-ZBA-BusDepot/KLEIN_TrafRev-BusDepot_KNLWRTH_011226.docx

Page 5 of 5

