Harbor Consultants, Inc.
Engineers, Planners & Surveyors
320 North Avenue East
Cranford, NJ 07016
Tel (907) 276-2715
Fax (908) 709-1738

November 30, 2023

Mr. Richard Picerno, Chairman
Kenilworth Joint Planning\Zoning Board
Borough Hall
567 Boulevard
Kenilworth, NJ 07033
Re: Resolution Compliance 2
251 Monroe Owner, LLC
251 Monroe Avenue
Block 6, Lots 1.01 and 1.03, Block 23, Lot 2, Block 24, Lot 1 and Block 62, Lot 1
Kenilworth, NJ
Dear Mr. Chairman and Planning Board Staff:
The Applicant has submitted various items to the Borough in response to the Board Hearing on
May 11, 2023 with revised . The below is our letter from September 21, 2023 for resolution
compliance and the status of each item.
Site Plan:
1. The site presently has multiple buildings and storage areas for various uses. The Applicant
is proposing to demolish several buildings, construct storage areas, regrade various areas
and install landscaping.
Testimony was provided.

2. General note 16 on Sheet 3 refers to the project soils report. A copy of the soils report
should be submitted for review.
General note 16 on Sheet 3 has been removed. Comment addressed.
3. The planning board variance application indicates that the unscreened outdoor storage area
is 16.2%, while general note 8a on Sheet 3 shows 19.5%.

General note 16 on Sheet 3 has been removed. Comment addressed.
4. The specifications indicated on general notes 15 and 28 should be submitted for review.
General note 15 has been removed and General note 28 has been modified. Comment
addressed.
5. A copy of the geotechnical report indicated in the demolition note 3 on Sheet 3 should be
provided.
Demolition Note 15 has been removed from the plan as there is no geotechnical report
for this project. Comment addressed.
6. Clarify what portions of the existing building will be removed and show the existing and
proposed building areas.
The demolition plan indicates the existing buildings to be removed and testimony was
provided. Comment addressed.
7. A land cover area map should be provided to clearly depict the limits of asphalt, gravel and
pervious areas, in order to evaluate the extent of the proposed disturbance. In addition, it
appears that large areas of gravel will be converted to asphalt pavement. Land cover
calculations should be provided in the land cover area map.
A rendering was provided at the Planning Board meeting with testimony provided on
the extent of the improvements. Comment addressed.
8. The Applicant should provide the location for trash enclosures including the construction
details. Also the location of all existing trash enclosures/dumpsters should be shown on
the plans, including the garbage truck circulation plan.
Trash enclosures/dumpsters have been identified on the site plan. A truck turning
plan has been provided. Comment addressed.
9. Clarify what type of material will be stored at 30 feet high and how will be screened.
Testimony should be provided.
Testimony was provided at the hearing. Comment addressed.
10. The storage areas and buildings should be identified with numbers to facilitate the review.
The storage areas have been identified with numbers on the site plan. Comment
addressed.
11. Trailers storages have been provided within the northeast corner of the site. However, there
are nine more storage areas delineated on Sheet 5 that do not show what will be stored.
The plans should be revised.

Testimony has been provided as well as the storage areas identified on the site plan.
Comment addressed.
12. Clarify is new handicap parking spaces are proposed. Also, provide the existing accessible
route for the handicap parking spaces located in the parking area near North 8 Street.
ADA spaces have been added to the site plan. Comment addressed.
13. There are various single traffic arrow markings shown on the plans. Clarify if these are one
way driveways and provide a one way sign detail. Also, the location of all proposed traffic
signs and markings (stop sign, do not enter sign , one way sign, stop bar, etc.) should be
shown on the site plan, including additional arrow markings within the west
driveway/parking area, east parking area and other circulation areas that have not been
defined.
The site plan has been revised to show the traffic circulation as well as Truck Turning
plan has been submitted. Comment addressed.
14. A note should be added to the plans indicating that all improvements are to be made in
compliance with the 2010 ADA Standards.
A note has been added to Sheet 3 under Grading notes. Comment addressed.
15. A note should be added to the plans indicating that any existing curbs or other objects
damaged during construction shall be repaired or replaced to the satisfaction of the
Borough engineer.
A note has been added to the site plan. Comment addressed.
16. The line-of-sight distances should be added to the Site and Landscaping Plan-Sheet 5 for
WB-67 trucks at the intersection of Monroe Avenue and North 8th Street in accordance
with the current edition of AASHTO’s policy on geometric design of highways and streets.
The Applicant has responded to this comment and this Office agrees that with their
assessment that line-of-sight distances are not required. Comment addressed.
17. The Applicant shall submit the plan specifically the Fire Truck Turning Plan to the
Borough Fire Chief for review.
The Applicant has submitted plans to the Fire Chief. Upon receipt of any comments,
the Applicant will address. Comment addressed.
18. The Applicant shall address the requirements for electric vehicle Make-Ready parking
spaces at P.L. 2021, CHAPTER 171, approved July 9, 2021.

The Applicant has responded to this comment and this Office agrees that with their
assessment that EV spaces are not required due to no increase in proposed parking.
Comment addressed.
19. A revised soil remediation action permit modification approval should be obtained from
NJDEP.
The Applicant has responded to this comment and this Office agrees that with their
assessment that a revised soil remediation permit modification approval is not
required due to no soil disturbance as a result of the application. Comment
addressed.
20. An As-Built Survey shall be provided upon completion of all site improvements.
The Applicant has agreed to submit an as-built survey after construction. Comment
addressed.
Grading & Utilities
1. General note 17 on Sheet 3 indicates that the site clearing includes the location and removal
of all underground tanks, pipes, valves, etc., while item 22 on the waiver list letter from
Dynamic, dated December 2022, indicates that there are no modifications proposed to the
existing utilities within or adjacent to the site. Clarification is required.
General Note 17 has been removed. Comment addressed.
2. The Applicant has not addressed the requirements for stormwater management
improvements. However, general note 31 and demolition note 20 on Sheet 3 refer to the
soils permeability and groundwater test report, and a stormwater management report
prepared by Colliers Engineering and Design. A copy of the stormwater management
report should be submitted
.
General Note 31 & Demolition Note 20 have been removed. Our Office agrees with
the Applicant’s response that a stormwater management report is not required
because NJDEP Applicability Determination states that the project is not subject to
stormwater regulations. Comment addressed
3. The demolition plan-Sheet 4 should include all existing utilities that will be removed and/or
capped.
A note has been added to the Demolition notes. Comment addressed
4. A label in the site and landscaping plan-Sheet 5 directs the contractor to spread gravel
and/or asphalt millings and to match existing drainage patterns within the southeast portion
of the site. The applicant should submit a proposed grading plan in order to verify the
elevations of all areas that require grading activities. Also, the trailers storages areas may
need to be regraded in order to level the area for placing the trailers. A grading/drainage

plan should be provided to properly guide the contractor with the proposed grading and
drainage paths.
Grading has been added to the site plan. Comment addressed.
5. The Applicant shall provide testimony if submission to NJDEP for wetlands or flood
hazard area has been completed.
An Applicability Determination has been submitted and a NJDEP Wetlands Letter
of Interpretation is pending. Comment partially addressed.
Landscaping & Lighting
1. A lighting plan should be provided in order to verify that the illumination complies with
the Borough ordinances.
Testimony was provided. Comment addressed.
2. The Applicant has provided a landscaping plan that will buffer the existing R-5 zone. We
recommend that a note be added that the landscaping will be warrantied for two (2) years.
A note was added to the site plan. Comment addressed.
3. We recommend that the Applicant provide a landscape rendering to present to the Board
to show how the site buffers the existing R-5 Zone.
Comment addressed through testimony and additional landscaping was added to the
site plan. Comment addressed.
Miscellaneous:
1. Additional comments may be presented pending receipt of the revised plans and reports.
Please submit 2 copies of revised plans and reports along with a point by point response
letter addressing all comments.
No additional comment
2. A cost estimate shall be provided for the purposes of bonding and inspection.
The Applicant must post inspection fees with the Borough of Kenilworth prior to
beginning of any on-site construction activities. The estimated construction amount
is $78,823.50, as supplied by the Applicant’s Engineer. An initial cash escrow deposit
of $3,641.18, 5% of the estimated construction cost, is required for inspection fees.

3. The Applicant shall apply for all necessary Local approvals including (Board of Health,
Fire & Police) and provide copies of same to the Borough. Additional, permits may include
but not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•
•

New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection
Somerset Union Soil Conservation District
Rahway Valley Sewerage Authority
Kenilworth Building Department
Public Service Electric & Gas Co.
Water Company
A NJDEP Applicability determination and grading permit have been submitted. All
other applicable application approvals shall be submitted to the Borough upon
receipt. We request that the Applicant get a letter of no interest from Somerset Union
Soil Conservation District.

4. The Applicant shall arrange a pre-construction meeting with the Board Engineer and
Construction Official at least one week prior to start of construction.
If the Board Members have any questions about this application, please contact me so we may
further discuss.
Sincerely,

Victor E. Vinegra, PE, PP, PLS
Municipal Planning Board Engineer
Cc:

251 Monroe Owner, LLC, Applicant
Lawrence A. Calli, Esq, Applicant’s Attorney
Robert P. Freud, Applicant’s Engineer
Kevin O’Brien, Borough Planner
Kenilworth Construction Office

